    



CONTRACT SUMMARY
Division/CHD/Office:
Provider Name:
Contract Number:
Original Contract Amount:
Total Contract Amount (executed actions):
Original Contract Start Date:
Contract End Date (executed actions):

Public Health Statistics and Performance Management
University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
25C35
$1,998,935.00

9/1/2025

DESCRIPTION OF CONTRACTUAL SERVICES:
The Florida Cancer Innovation Fund provides grant support for innovative cancer-related research efforts, including emerging
trends and promising practices, which can serve as a catalyst for further exploration. TITLE: MammoChat: An AI-Driven Platform
for Personalized Breast Cancer Patient Support; Principal Investigator: Jane S. Gibson, PhD

CONTRACT ACTION:
AMENDMENT(Y/N): N

AMENDMENT AMOUNT:

CHANGE TO TERM(Y/N):

START DATE:

RENEWAL: N

RENEWAL AMOUNT:

START DATE:

END DATE:

END DATE:

DESCRIPTION OF CONTRACT AMENDMENT ACTION:

DOH REVIEWERS: The following reviewers have reviewed and approved this action for execution prior
to electronic routing. These individuals will receive a copy of the executed action.
LAST NAME

FIRST INITIAL

APPROVAL ROLE

1.

Morton

B.

Contract Manager

2.

Morton

B.

Contract Manager Supervisor

3.

Brooks

R.

Bureau Chief/CHD Program Administrator

4.

Spencer

E.

Division Director/CHD Health Officer

This contract complies with all of the requirements, below, and each contract action has been reviewed and
approved by DOH General Counsel.
x

x
x
x
x

A statement of work, quantifiable and measurable deliverables, performance measures, and financial consequences for
non-performance.
Terms and conditions which protect the interest of the state.
All requirements of law have been met regarding the contract.
Documentation in the contract file is sufficient to support the contract and the attestation (examples: business case;
directive to establish contract; subject research and analysis, etc.)
If the contract is established by way of a competitive solicitation as identified in section 287.057(1), Florida Statutes,
the costs of the contract are the most advantageous to the state or offer the best value.

STATE HEALTH OFFICE – $1MILLION + CONTRACT SUMMARY

REVISED: 4/2024

    

CFDA No.
CSFA No. 64.130



STATE OF FLORIDA
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH
STANDARD CONTRACT

Client

Non-Client
Multi-County

THIS CONTRACT, which includes Attachment I and the accompanying attachments and exhibits, is entered into
between the State of Florida, Department of Health, hereinafter referred to as the Department”, and University of
Central Florida Board of Trustees, hereinafter referred to as the “Provider”, each a “party” and jointly referred to as
the “parties.”
THE PARTIES AGREE:
I. PROVIDER AGREES:
A. To provide services in accordance with the terms specified in Attachment I attached hereto and ensure any deliverables
under the Contract, which may include “commodities” and “contractual services”, as each is defined in section 287.012, F.S.
does not include, and no State funding under the Contract is being provided for, promoting, advocating for, or providing
training or education on “Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion” (“DEI”). DEI is any program, activity, or policy that classifies
individuals on the basis of race, color, sex, national origin, gender identity, or sexual orientation and promotes differential or
preferential treatment of individuals on the basis of such classification or promotes the position that a group or an individual’s
action is inherently, unconsciously, or implicitly biased on the basis of such classification.
B. To the Following Governing Law
1. State of Florida Law: This Contract is executed and entered into in the state of Florida, and will be construed,
performed, and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws, rules, and regulations of the state of Florida
(State). Each party will perform its obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Contract.
2. Federal Law:
a. If this Contract contains federal funds, Provider must comply with the provisions of 2 C.F.R. part 200, appendix II
as revised, and other applicable regulations as specified in the Contract.
b. If this Contract includes federal funds that will be used for construction or repairs, Provider must comply with the
provisions of the Copeland “Anti-Kickback” Act (18 U.S.C. section 874), as supplemented by the U.S.
Department of Labor regulations (29 C.F.R. part 3, “Contractors and Subcontractors on Public Building or Public
Work Financed in Whole or in Part by Loans or Grants from the United States”). The act prohibits providers from
inducing, by any means, any person employed in the construction, completion, or repair of public work, to give up
any part of the compensation to which he or she is otherwise entitled. All suspected violations must be reported to
the Department.
c. If this Contract includes federal funds that will be used for the performance of experimental, developmental, or
research work, Provider must comply with 37 C.F.R., part 401, “Rights to Inventions Made by Nonprofit
Organizations and Small Business Firms under Governmental Grants, Contracts, and Cooperative Agreements.”
d. If this Contract contains federal funds and is over $100,000, Provider must comply with all applicable standards,
orders, or regulations of the Clean Air Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. chapter 85) and the Clean Water Act, as
amended (33 U.S.C. chapter 26), President’s Executive Order 11738, and Environmental Protection Agency
regulations codified in Title 40 of the Code of Federal Regulations. Provider must report any violations of the
above to the Department.
e. If this Contract contains federal funding exceeding $100,000, Provider must, prior to Contract execution,
complete the Certification Regarding Lobbying form, Attachment N/A. If a Disclosure of Lobbying Activities
form, Standard Form LLL, is required, it may be obtained from the Contract Manager and must be completed
prior to Contract execution. All disclosure forms as required by the Certification Regarding Lobbying form must
be completed and returned to the Contract Manager.
f. If this Contract contains federal funds, Provider must comply with President’s Executive Order 11246, Equal
Employment Opportunity (30 Fed. Reg. 12935), as amended by President’s Executive Order 11375, (32 Fed. Reg.
14303), and as supplemented by regulations at 41 C.F.R. chapter 60, as revised.
g. If this Contract contains federal funds, Provider must comply with the Pro-Children Act of 1994, 20 U.S.C.
sections 6081-6084, which requires that smoking not be permitted in any portion of any indoor facility used for
the provision of federally funded services including health, daycare, early childhood development, education, or
library services on a routine or regular basis, to children up to age 18. Provider’s failure to comply with the
provisions of the law may result in the imposition of a civil monetary penalty of up to $1,000 for each violation
and the imposition of an administrative compliance order on the responsible entity. Provider must include a
similar provision in any subcontracts it enters under this Contract.
h. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA): When applicable, Provider must
comply with Federal Privacy and Security Regulations developed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services as specified in 45 C.F.R. parts 160 and 164 promulgated pursuant to HIPAA, Pub. L. No. 104-191, and
Form Revised February 2025

1

Contract # 25C35

    

i.



the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, Title XIII of Division A, Title IV of
Division B, Pub. L. No 111-5, as revised, collectively referred to as “HIPAA.”
Use and Disclosure of Confidential Women, Infant and Children (WIC) Information: When applicable,
Provider must restrict the use and disclosure of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), WIC
confidential applicant and participant information as specified in 7 CFR § 246.26(d)(1)(i) in accordance with 7
CFR § 246.26(d)(1)(ii). If Provider is determined to be a sub-recipient of federal funds, Provider must comply
with the requirements of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act and the Federal Funding Accountability
and Transparency Act, by obtaining a Data Universal Numbering System (D-U-N-S) number and registering with
the federal System for Award Management (SAM). No payments will be issued until Provider has submitted a
valid D-U-N-S number and evidence of registration (i.e., a printed copy of the completed SAM registration) in
SAM to the Contract Manager. To request a D-U-N-S number visit https://fedgov.dnb.com/webform and to
obtain registration and instructions for SAM, visit https://sam.gov/.

C. Audits, Records (including electronic storage media), and Records Retention
1. To establish and maintain books, records, and documents in accordance with generally accepted accounting
procedures and practices, which sufficiently and properly reflect all revenues and expenditures of funds provided by
the Department under this Contract.
2. To retain financial records, supporting documents, statistical records, and any other documents pertinent to this
Contract for a period of six years after termination of the Contract, or if an audit has been initiated and audit findings
have not been resolved at the end of six years, the records must be retained until resolution of the audit findings or any
litigation which may be based on the terms of this Contract.
3. Upon completion or termination of this Contract and at the request of the Department, Provider must, at its expense,
cooperate with the Department in the duplication and transfer of any said records or documents during the required
retention period as specified in Section I, paragraph C.2., above.
4. Persons duly authorized by the Department and federal auditors, pursuant to 2 C.F.R. section 200.337, as revised, will
have full access to and the right to examine any of Provider’s records and documents related to this Contract,
regardless of the form in which kept, at all reasonable times for as long as records are retained.
5. To ensure these audit and record-keeping requirements are included in all subcontracts and assignments. Provider
agrees to provide such records, papers, and documents, outlined in paragraphs 1 through 4 above, to the Department
within 10 business days after the request is made in accordance with section 216.1366, Florida Statutes.
6. If Provider is a recipient or subrecipient as specified in Attachment IV, Provider will perform the required financial
and compliance audits in accordance with the Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards, 2 C.F.R. Part 200 as revised, subpart F and section 215.97, Florida Statutes, as
applicable and conform to the following requirements:
a. Documentation: Maintain separate accounting of revenues and expenditures of funds under this Contract and
each Catalog of State Financial Assistance (CSFA) or Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) number
identified on the attached Exhibit 1, in accordance with generally accepted accounting practices and procedures.
Expenditures that support Provider’s activities not solely authorized under this Contract must be allocated in
accordance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations and the allocation methodology must be documented and
supported by competent evidence.
b. Maintain sufficient documentation of all expenditures incurred (e.g., invoices, canceled checks, payroll detail,
bank statements, etc.) under this Contract which evidences that expenditures are:
1) Allowable under the Contract and applicable laws, rules, and regulations;
2) Reasonable; and
3) Necessary for Provider to fulfill its obligations under this Contract.
All documentation required by this section is subject to review by the Department and the State’s Chief Financial
Officer. Provider must timely comply with any requests for documentation.
c. Annual Financial Report: Submit to the Department an annual financial report stating, by line item, all
expenditures made as a direct result of services provided through this Contract within 45 days from the end of
each Contract year, but no later than submission of the final invoice for that year. Each report must include a
statement signed by an individual with legal authority to bind Provider, certifying that these expenditures are true,
accurate, and directly related to this Contract.
d. Ensure that funding received under this Contract in excess of expenditures is remitted to the Department within 45
days of the end of each Contract year and the Contract end date.
e. Annual Compensation Report: If applicable, Provider must submit Attachment N/A, Annual Compensation
Report, including the most recent Internal Revenue Services (IRS) Form 990, detailing the total compensation for
Form Revised February 2025

2

Contract # 25C35

    



the Providers’ executive leadership teams, to the Contract Manager no later than January 31 of each Contract
year. Total compensation must include salary, bonuses, cashed-in leave, cash equivalents, severance pay,
retirement benefits, deferred compensation, real-property gifts, and any other payout. If Provider is exempt from
filing IRS Form 990, submit Attachment N/A without including the IRS Form 990, to the Department. All Annual
Compensation Reports must indicate what percent of compensation comes directly from State or Federal funding
allocations given to Provider. In addition, Provider, by executing this Contract, which includes any subsequent
amendments, agrees to inform the Department of any changes in total executive compensation specified in
Provider’s submitted Annual Compensation Reports.
7. Public Records: Keep and maintain public records, as defined by Chapter 119, Florida Statutes that are required by
the Department to perform the services required by the Contract. Upon request from the Department’s custodian of
public records, provide the Department with a copy of the requested public records or allow the records to be
inspected or copied within a reasonable time at a cost that does not exceed that provided in Chapter 119, Florida
Statutes, or as otherwise provided by law. Ensure that public records that are exempt or that are confidential and
exempt from public record disclosure are not disclosed, except as authorized by law for the duration of the Contract
term and following completion of the Contract if Provider does not transfer the public records to the Department.
Upon completion of the Contract, transfer to the Department at no cost, all public records in possession of Provider
or keep and maintain public records required by the Department to perform the Contract services. If Provider
transfers all public records to the Department upon completion of the Contract, Provider will destroy any duplicate
public records that are exempt or confidential and exempt. If Provider keeps and maintains public records upon
completion of the Contract, Provider will meet all applicable requirements for retaining public records. All records
stored electronically must be provided to the Department, upon request of the Department’s custodian of public
records, in a format that is compatible with the information technology systems of the Department. The Department
may unilaterally terminate this Contract if Provider refuses to allow access to all public records made or maintained
by Provider in conjunction with this Contract, unless the records are exempt from section 24(a) of Art. I of the State
Constitution and section 119.07(1), Florida Statutes.

If the Provider has questions regarding the application of Chapter 119, Florida Statutes,
to the Provider’s duty to provide public records relating to this Contract, contact the
custodian of public records at (850)245-4005, PublicRecordsRequest@flhealth.gov or
4052 Bald Cypress Way, Bin A02, Tallahassee, FL 32399.
Coordination of Contracted Services: Pursuant to section 287.0575(2), Florida Statutes, if Provider has more than
one Contract with one or more of the five Florida health and human services agencies (the Department of Children
and Families, the Agency for Persons with Disabilities, the Department of Health, the Department of Elderly Affairs,
and the Department of Veterans’ Affairs), a comprehensive list of the Provider’s health and human services
Contracts must be submitted to the respective agencies Contract Manager(s). The list must include the following
information: a) The name of each Contracting state agency and the applicable office or program issuing the Contract;
b) the identifying name and number of each Contract; c) the starting and ending date of each Contract; d) the amount
of each Contract; e) a brief description of the purpose of the Contract and the types of services provided under each
Contract; f) the name and contact information of the contract manager.
9. Cooperation with Inspectors General: To the extent applicable, Provider acknowledges and understands it has a
duty to and will cooperate with the inspector general in any investigation, audit, inspection, review, or hearing
pursuant to section 20.055(5), Florida Statutes.
10. Cooperation with the Florida Senate and the Florida House of Representatives: Pursuant to section 287.058(7),
Florida Statutes, Provider agrees to disclose any requested information, relevant to the performance of this Contract,
to members or staff of the Florida Senate or the Florida House of Representatives, as requested. Provider is strictly
prohibited from enforcing any nondisclosure clauses that conflict with this requirement.
11. Exit Transition Services: If applicable, Provider must provide to the Department, or its designee, all reasonable
services necessary for the transfer of knowledge regarding the services and deliverables provided under the Contract
to facilitate the orderly transfer of such services to the Department or its designee. If the Department determines that
Exit Transition Services are necessary, such services may continue for up to six months after termination, expiration,
or cancellation of the Contract, at no cost to the Department, or as agreed upon by the Parties in writing.
8.

D. Monitoring by the Department and Dispute Resolution:
1. Monitoring by the Department: To permit persons duly authorized by the Department to inspect any records, papers,
documents, facilities, goods, and services of Provider, which are relevant to this Contract and interview any clients or
employees of Provider to assure the Department of satisfactory performance of the terms and conditions of this Contract.
The Provider must provide the requested records, papers, and documents to the Department within 10 business days after
Form Revised February 2025

3

Contract # 25C35

    



the request is made. Following the Department’s monitoring, the Department may provide the Provider with a written
report specifying the noncompliance and request a Corrective Action Plan to be carried out by the Provider. At the sole and
exclusive discretion of the Department, the Department may take any of the following actions including the assessment of
financial consequences pursuant to section 287.058(1)(h), Florida Statutes, termination of this Contract for cause, demand
the recoupment of funds from subsequent invoices under this Contract, or demand repayment pursuant to the terms set forth
in this Contract.
2. Dispute Resolution: Any dispute concerning the performance of this Contract or payment hereunder shall be decided
by the Department in writing and submitted to the Provider for review. The decision is final unless Provider submits a
written objection to the Department within 10 calendar days from receipt of the decision. Upon receiving an
objection, the Department shall provide an opportunity to resolve the dispute by mutual agreement between the parties
using a negotiation process to be completed within 7 calendar days from the Department’s receipt of the objection.
Completion of the negotiation process is a condition precedent to any legal action by Provider or the Department
concerning this Contract. Nothing contained in this section is construed to limit the parties’ rights of termination
specified in this Contract.
E. Indemnification and Limitation of Liability
1. Indemnification:
a. This section is not applicable to contracts executed with State agencies or subdivisions, as defined in section
768.28, Florida Statutes.
b. Provider is liable for and will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Department and all of its officers, agents,
and employees from all claims, suits, judgments, or damages, consequential or otherwise and including attorneys’
fees and costs, arising out of any act, actions, neglect, or omissions by Provider, its agents, or employees during
the performance or operation of this Contract or any subsequent modifications thereof, whether direct or indirect,
and whether to any person or tangible or intangible property.
c. Provider’s inability to evaluate liability or its evaluation of no liability will not excuse Provider’s duty to defend
and indemnify the Department. Only adjudication or judgment after the highest appeal is exhausted specifically
finding Provider not liable will excuse the performance of this provision. Provider will pay all costs and fees
related to this obligation and its enforcement by the Department. The Department’s failure to notify Provider of a
claim will not release Provider of the above duty to indemnify.
d. Nothing in this Contract shall be construed as the Department agreeing to indemnify the Provider.
2. Limitation of Liability: For all claims against the Provider under the Contract, and regardless of the basis on which
the claim is made, the Provider’s liability under the Contract for direct damages will be limited to the greater of
$500,000.00, the dollar amount of the Contract, or two times the charges rendered by the Provider under the Contract.
This limitation will not apply to claims arising under the Indemnification paragraph contained in section E.1. above.
Unless otherwise specifically enumerated in the Contract, or where such limitation is unconscionable under law, no
party will be liable to another for special, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages, including lost data or records
(unless the Contract requires the Provider to back-up data or records), even if the party has been advised that such
damages are possible. No party will be liable for lost profits, lost revenue, or lost institutional operating savings. The
Department and the State may, in addition to other remedies available to them at law or equity and upon notice to the
Provider, retain such monies from amounts due Provider as may be necessary to satisfy any claim for damages,
penalties, costs, and the like asserted by or against them. The Department and the State may set off any liability or
other obligation of the Provider or its affiliates to the Department or the State against any payments due to the
Provider under the Contract. Nothing contained herein negates the sovereign immunity protections provided to State
agencies or subdivisions, as defined in section 768.28, Florida Statutes.
F. Insurance: To maintain insurance sufficient to adequately protect the Department from all liability and property damage
and hazards that may result from Provider’s performance under this contract. Provider must always hold such insurance
during the existence of this Contract and any renewal(s) and extension(s) of it. Upon execution of this Contract, unless it is
a state agency or subdivision as defined in section 768.28, Florida Statutes, Provider accepts full responsibility for
identifying and determining the type(s) and extent of liability, workers compensation, and property damage insurance
necessary to provide reasonable financial protections for Provider and the clients to be served under this Contract. The
limits of coverage under each policy maintained by Provider do not limit Provider’s liability and obligations under this
Contract. Upon the execution of this Contract, Provider must furnish the Department written verification supporting both
the determination and existence of such insurance coverage. Such coverage may be provided by a self-insurance program
established and operating under the laws of the State. The Department reserves the right to require additional insurance as
specified in Attachment I.

Form Revised February 2025

4

Contract # 25C35

    



G. Safeguarding Information: Provider will not use or disclose any information concerning a recipient of services under this
Contract for any purpose not in conformity with State and federal law except upon written consent of the recipient or the
responsible parent or guardian when authorized by law.
H. Assignments and Subcontracts
1. Assignment: Provider will not assign the responsibility of this Contract to another party without the prior written
approval of the Department, which will not be unreasonably withheld. Any assignment or transfer otherwise occurring
without the Department’s approval will be null and void and the Provider will not be paid for such assigned services.
This Contract will bind the successors, assigns, and legal representatives of Provider and any legal entity that succeeds to
perform the Provider’s obligations. The Department will be entitled to assign or transfer, in whole or part, its rights, duties,
or obligations under this Contract to another governmental entity or as required under Florida law upon prior written notice
to Provider.
2. Subcontracts:
a. Provider will be responsible for all work performed and all expenses incurred for this Contract. Provider will not
subcontract any work contemplated under this Contract without the prior written approval of the Department. If
the Department permits Provider to subcontract under this Contract, the Department will not be liable to the
subcontractor for any expenses or liabilities incurred under the subcontract and Provider will be solely liable to
the subcontractor for all expenses and liabilities incurred under the subcontract. If the Department permits the
Provider to subcontract, such permission will be indicated in Attachment I. If Provider subcontracts any of the
services performed under the Contract without obtaining the Department’s prior written approval, such action will
be null and void and Provider will not be paid for such subcontracted services.
b. Unless otherwise stated in the Provider’s Contract with the subcontractor, payments must be made within seven
working days after receipt of full or partial payments from the Department in accordance with section 287.0585,
Florida Statutes. Failure to pay within seven working days will result in a penalty charged against the Provider to be paid
by the Provider to the subcontractor in the amount of one-half of one percent of the amount due per day from the
expiration of the period allowed herein for payment. The penalty will be in addition to actual payments owed and will not
exceed 15 percent of the outstanding balance due.
I.

Return of Funds: Return to the Department any overpayments due to unearned funds or funds disallowed and any interest
attributable to such funds pursuant to the terms of this Contract that were paid to Provider by the Department. If Provider or
its independent auditor discovers that an overpayment has been made, Provider will repay the overpayment within 40
calendar days without prior notification from the Department. If the Department first discovers an overpayment has been
made, the Department will notify Provider in writing of such a finding. Should repayment not be made in the time
specified by the Department, Provider will pay interest of one percent per month compounded on the outstanding balance
after 40 calendar days after the date of notification or discovery. The Department reserves the right, in its sole and exclusive
discretion, to recoup Provider’s unearned funds from any invoice submitted under this Contract or through collection
proceedings.

J. Transportation Disadvantaged: If clients are to be transported under this Contract, Provider must comply with the
provisions of Chapter 427, Florida Statutes, and Florida Administrative Code, Chapter 41-2 and submit reports as directed
by the Department.
K. Purchasing
1. Prison Rehabilitative Industries and Diversified Enterprises, Inc. (PRIDE): Pursuant to section 946.515(2),
Florida Statutes, it is expressly understood and agreed that any articles which are the subject of, or required to
carry out, this Contract shall be purchased from the corporation identified under Chapter 946, Florida Statutes, in
the same manner and under the same procedures set forth in section 946.515(2) and (4), Florida Statutes; and for
purposes of this Contract the person, firm, or other business entity carrying out the provisions of this contract
shall be deemed to be substituted for the Department insofar as dealings with such corporation are concerned. An
abbreviated list of products and services available from PRIDE may be obtained by contacting PRIDE at 1-800-643-8459
or visiting http://www.pride-enterprises.org.
2. Procurement of Materials with Recycled Content: Any products or materials which are the subject of or are required to
carry out this Contract will be procured in accordance with the provisions of section 403.7065, Florida Statutes.
3. MyFloridaMarketPlace Vendor Registration: Each Provider doing business with the State for the sale of commodities
or contractual services as defined in section 287.012, Florida Statutes, must register in the MyFloridaMarketPlace system,
unless exempted under Florida Administrative Code, Rule 60A-1.033.
4. MyFloridaMarketPlace Transaction Fee:

Form Revised February 2025

5

Contract # 25C35

    



a.

The state of Florida, through its Department of Management Services (DMS), has instituted MyFloridaMarketPlace, a
statewide procurement system. Pursuant to section 287.057(24), Florida Statutes, all payments will be assessed a
Transaction Fee of one percent, which Provider will pay to the State.
b. For payments within the State accounting system (FLAIR or its successor), the Transaction Fee will, when possible, be
automatically deducted from payments to the Provider. If automatic deduction is not possible, Provider will pay the
Transaction Fee pursuant to Florida Administrative Code, Rule 60A-1.031(2).
c. Provider will receive a credit for any Transaction Fee paid by the Provider for the purchase of any item, if such item is
returned to Provider through no fault, act, or omission of Provider. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Transaction Fee is
non-refundable when an item is rejected or returned, or declined, due to the Provider’s failure to perform or comply with
the specifications or requirements of this Contract. Failure to comply with these requirements will constitute grounds for
declaring the Provider in default and recovering reprocurement costs from the Provider in addition to all outstanding fees.
A Provider delinquent in paying transaction fees may be excluded from conducting future business with the State.
5. Alternative Contract Source: This Contract may be used as an alternative contract source, subject to approval from
DMS, pursuant to section 287.042(16), Florida Statutes and Florida Administrative Code, Rule 60A-1.045.
6. Registered to do Business with the State: All limited liability companies, corporations, corporations not for profit, and
partnerships seeking to do business with the State must be registered with the Florida Department of State in accordance
with the provisions of Chapters 605, 607, 617, and 620, Florida Statutes, respectively prior to Contract execution.
7. Taxes: The Department is generally exempt from all federal, state, and local taxes and no such taxes must be included in
the price of the Contract. The Department will have no responsibility for the payment of taxes that become payable by
Provider or its subcontractors in the performance of the Contract.
L. Background Screening Requirements and Drug Screening Requirements:
1. Background Screening Requirements: In the Department’s sole and exclusive discretion, it may determine that
background screening of some or all the Provider’s officers, agents, employees, subcontractors, or assignees is
necessary (collectively individuals). In the event background screenings are required under this contract, the
Provider agrees to the following:
a.
Conduct background screenings in accordance with Chapter 435, Florida Statutes, using level 2 screening
standards.
b.
Provide the Department with a written attestation confirming that the individual has completed and cleared
the level 2 background screening.
c.
Not allow the individual to begin work under this contract until that individual has been cleared by the
Department.
d.
Be responsible for any costs incurred in meeting this screening requirement.
2. Drug Screening Requirements:
a.
If the Provider’s officers, agents, employees, subcontractors, or assignees (collectively “individuals”) are
assigned to work in a Department designated Safety-Sensitive Class and/or Position, under this Contract,
then a drug test must be performed prior to the individual being allowed to start work under this Contract. If
an individual has already been screened by the Provider, then a written attestation confirming that the
individual has completed and cleared the drug screening must be submitted to the Department prior to
contract execution. If an individual has not been drug screened, notify the Department immediately. No
individual can begin work under this Contract until they have been cleared by the Department.
b.
If at any time while performing services under this Contract reasonable suspicion exists to believe that the
Provider’s staff, which includes, but is not limited to, Provider’s officers, agents, employees, subcontractors, or
assignees, are under the influence of or impaired by drugs, the Department reserves the right to require the
individual to undergo drug testing. The Department may require the individual to cease performing services
pending drug test results. In the event of a positive drug test, the Provider must notify the Department in writing
and at which time the Department may request a replacement of equal or superior skills and qualifications of the
prior individual.
c.
The Provider is responsible for any costs associated with meeting this screening requirement.
M. Civil Rights Requirements:
1. Provider, including its officers, agents, employees, subcontractors, or assignees must review the following
policies and procedures as directed by the Department: Policy for Access to Programs and Activities; Procedure
for Access to Programs and Activities; Language and Disability Access Plan; and the Civil Rights Training for
Access to Programs and Activities.
2. Upon contract execution and each subsequent year thereafter, the Provider must complete the Department’s Civil
Rights Compliance Checklist and submit it as directed by the Department.
Form Revised February 2025

6

Contract # 25C35

    



N. Independent Capacity of the Provider
1. Provider is an independent contractor and is solely liable for the performance of all tasks and deliverables contemplated
by this Contract.
2. Except where Provider is a state agency, Provider, its officers, agents, employees, subcontractor, or assignees, in
performance of this Contract, will act in the capacity of an independent contractor and not as an officer, employee, or
agent of the State. Provider will not represent to others that it has the authority to bind the Department unless
specifically authorized to do so.
3. Provider, its officers, agents, employees, subcontractor, or assignees are not entitled to state retirement or state leave
benefits, or to any other compensation of state employment as a result of performing the duties and obligations of this
Contract.
4. Provider agrees to take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that each subcontractor of Provider understand they
are independent contractor and will not be considered or permitted to be an agent, servant, joint venturer, or partner of
the state of Florida.
5. Unless justified by Provider and agreed to by the Department in the Attachment I, the Department will not furnish
services of support (e.g., office space, office supplies, telephone service, secretarial, or clerical support) to Provider or
its subcontractor or assignee.
6. All deductions for social security, withholding taxes, income taxes, contributions to unemployment compensation
funds, and all necessary insurance for Provider, Provider’s officers, employees, agents, subcontractors, or assignees
will be the responsibility of Provider.
O. Sponsorship: As required by section 286.25, Florida Statutes, if Provider is a non-governmental organization that sponsors
a program financed wholly or in part by state funds, including any funds obtained through this Contract, it will, in
publicizing, advertising, or describing the sponsorship of the program, state: “Sponsored by (Provider's name) and the State
of Florida, Department of Health.” If the sponsorship reference is in written material, the words “State of Florida,
Department of Health” will appear in at least the same size letters or type as Provider’s name.
P. Final Invoice: To submit the final invoice for payment to the Department as specified in Attachment I or is terminated. If
Provider fails to do so, all right to payment is forfeited and the Department will not honor any requests submitted after the
aforesaid time period. Any payment due under the terms of this Contract may be withheld until all deliverables and any
necessary adjustments have been approved by the Department.
Q. Use of Funds for Lobbying Prohibited: Comply with the provisions of sections 11.062 and 216.347, Florida Statutes,
which prohibit the expenditure of Contract funds for the purpose of lobbying the Legislature, judicial branch, or a state agency.
R. Public Entity Crime, Discriminatory Vendor, Antitrust Violator Vendor List, and Scrutinized Companies
1. Public Entity Crime: Pursuant to section 287.133, Florida Statutes, the following restrictions are placed on the ability
of persons convicted of public entity crimes to transact business with the Department: When a person or affiliate has
been placed on the convicted vendor list following a conviction for a public entity crime, he or she may not submit a
bid on a contract to provide any goods or services to a public entity, may not submit a bid on a contract with a public
entity for the construction or repair of a public building or public work, may not submit bids on leases of real property
to a public entity, may not be awarded or perform work as a Provider, supplier, subcontractor, or consultant under a
contract with any public entity, and may not transact business with any public entity in excess of the threshold amount
provided in section 287.017, Florida Statutes, for CATEGORY TWO for a period of 36 months from the date of being
placed on the convicted vendor list.
2. Discriminatory Vendor: Pursuant to section 287.134, Florida Statutes, the following restrictions are placed on the
ability of persons convicted of discrimination to transact business with the Department: When a person or affiliate has
been placed on the discriminatory vendor list following a conviction for discrimination, he or she may not submit a bid
on a contract to provide any goods or services to a public entity, may not submit a bid on a contract with a public entity
for the construction or repair of a public building or public work, may not submit bids on leases of real property to a
public entity, may not be awarded or perform work as a Provider, supplier, subcontractor, or consultant under a contract
with any public entity, and may not transact business with any public entity in excess of the threshold amount provided
in section 287.017, Florida Statutes, for CATEGORY TWO for a period of 36 months from the date of being placed on
the discriminatory vendor list.
3. Scrutinized Companies:
a. The following paragraph applies regardless of the dollar value of the good or services provided: In
accordance with the requirements of section 287.135, Florida Statutes, the Provider certifies that it is not
participating in a boycott of Israel. At the Department’s option, the Contract may be terminated if the
Contractor is placed on the Quarterly List of Scrutinized Companies that Boycott Israel (referred to in
Form Revised February 2025

7

Contract # 25C35

    



statute as the “Scrutinized Companies that Boycott Israel List”) or becomes engaged in a boycott of Israel.
The following paragraph applies only when goods or services to be provided are $1 million or more: In
accordance with the requirements of section 287.135, Florida Statutes, the Provider certifies that it is not on
the Scrutinized List of Prohibited Companies (referred to in statute as the “Scrutinized Companies with
Activities in Sudan List” and the “Scrutinized Companies with Activities in the Iran Petroleum Energy
Sector List”) and, to the extent not preempted by Federal law, that it has not been engaged in business
operations in Cuba or Syria. At the Department’s option, the Contract may be terminated if such
certification (or the certification regarding a boycott of Israel) is false, if the Contractor is placed on the
Scrutinized List of Prohibited Companies, or, to the extent not preempted by Federal law, if the Contractor
engages in business operations in Cuba or Syria.
4. Antitrust Violator Vendor List: Pursuant to section 287.137(2)(a), “[a] person or affiliate who has been placed on the
antitrust violator vendor list following a conviction or being held civilly liable for an antitrust violation may not submit
a bid, proposal, or reply for a new contract with a public entity for the construction or repair of a public building or
public work; may not submit a bid, proposal, or reply on new leases of real property to a public entity; may not be
awarded or perform work as a contractor, supplier, subcontractor, or consultant under a new contract with a public
entity; and may not transact new business with a public entity.”
5. Department Notification Requirements: Provider must notify the Department in writing if it or any of its
suppliers, subcontractors, or consultants have been placed on the convicted vendor list, the discriminatory
vendor list, or the antitrust violator vendor list during the term of the Contract.
b.

S.

Patents, Copyrights, Royalties, and Ownership of Property
1. Provider shall not assert any rights to: a) intellectual property created or otherwise developed specifically for the
Department under this Contract or any prior agreement between the parties (which includes any deliverables); b)
intellectual property furnished by the Department; and c) any data collected or created for the Department. Provider
shall transfer all such intellectual property or data to the Department upon completion, termination, or cancellation of
the Contract and prior to payment of the final invoice. If the Department or State has the authority to assert a right in
any of the intellectual property or data, Provider shall assist, if necessary, in the assertion of such right. Provider must
inform the Department of any inventions or discoveries developed in connection with this Contract and will be referred
to the Department of State for a determination on whether patent protection will be sought for the invention or
discovery. The state of Florida will be the sole owner of all patents resulting from any invention or discovery made in
connection with this Contract.
2. Provider must notify the Department of State of any books, manuals, films, or other copyrightable works developed in
connection with this Contract. All copyrights accruing under or in connection with the performance of the Contract are
the sole property of the state of Florida.
3. Provider, without exception, will indemnify and save harmless the state of Florida and its employees from liability of
any nature or kind, including cost and expenses for or on account of any copyrighted, patented, or unpatented
invention, process, or article manufactured by Provider. Provider has no liability when such claim is solely and
exclusively due to the Department of State’s alteration of the article. The state of Florida will provide prompt written
notification of claim of copyright or patent infringement. Further, if such claim is made or is pending, Provider may, at
its option and expense, procure for the Department of State, the right to continue use of, replace, or modify the article to
render it non-infringing. If Provider uses any design, device, or materials covered by letters, patent, or copyright, it is
mutually agreed and understood without exception that the bid prices will include all royalties or cost arising from the
use of such design, device, or materials in any way involved in the work.
4. Proceeds derived from the sale, licensing, marketing, or other authorization related to any such Department-controlled
intellectual property rights shall belong to the Department, unless otherwise specified by applicable State law.
5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and unless otherwise specified in the Attachment I, Provider’s intellectual property
rights that preexist this Contract will remain with Provider unless such preexisting software or work was developed
under a previous Contract with the Department.
6. The following is only applicable to contracts executed with State universities, as defined in section 1001.705, Florida
Statutes:
a. Provider will retain ownership of all intellectual property developed as part of this contract in accordance with
section 1004.23, Florida Statutes. Intellectual property includes all copyrights, trademarks, and patentable
developments.
b. Provider must notify the Florida Department of State of any intellectual property developed as part of this contract
in accordance with section 1004.23, Florida Statutes. Provider grants the state of Florida an irrevocable,

Form Revised February 2025

8

Contract # 25C35

    

c.



nonexclusive, and royalty-free license to use all intellectual property developed under this contract for the
complete lifetime of the intellectual property rights.
If this contract is paid for with federal funds, Provider will grant the awarding federal agency an irrevocable,
nonexclusive, and royalty-free license to use all intellectual property developed under this contract for the
complete lifetime of the intellectual property rights.

T. Construction or Renovation of Facilities Using State Funds: Any state funds provided for the purchase of or

improvements to real property are contingent upon Provider granting to the state a security interest in the property at least to
the amount of the state funds provided for at least five years from the date of purchase or the completion of the
improvements or as further required by law. As a condition of a receipt of state funding for this purpose, Provider agrees
that, if it disposes of the property before the state’s interest is vacated, Provider will refund the proportionate share of the
state’s initial investment, as adjusted by depreciation or appreciation.
U. Electronic Fund Transfer: Provider agrees to enroll in Electronic Fund Transfer (EFT) provided by DFS. Questions

should be directed to DFS’s EFT Section at (850) 410-9466. The previous sentence is for notice purposes only. Copies of
the authorization form and sample bank letter are available from DFS.
V. Information Security and Confidentiality of Data, Files, and Records:
1. Information Security: The State requires that all data generated, used, or stored by Provider pursuant to this Contract

reside and remain in the United States and not be transferred outside of the United States. The State also requires that
all services provided under the Contract, including call center or other help services, will be performed by persons
located in the United States.
2. Confidentiality of Data, Files, and Records: Provider must maintain confidentiality of all data, files, and records,
including client records, related to the services or commodities provided pursuant to this Contract in accordance with
applicable state and federal laws, rules, and regulations and any Department program-specific supplemental protocols,
which are incorporated herein by reference and the receipt of which is acknowledged by Provider upon execution of
this Contract, including any amendments. The Department will provide any Department program-specific
supplemental protocols to Provider and reserves the right to update such protocols throughout the term of the Contract.
The Provider agrees that it will continue to comply with all protocols, as updated and supplemented, throughout the
duration of this Contract. Provider agrees to restrict the use and disclosure of confidential United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), WIC applicant, and participant information as specified in 7 CFR § 246.26(d)(1)(i) in accordance
with 7 CFR § 246.26(d)(1)(ii), as applicable. Provider is required to have written policies and procedures ensuring the
protection and confidentiality of Protected Health Information as defined in 45 CFR § 160.103. Provider must comply
with any applicable professional standards of practice with respect to t he confidentiality of information.
3. Business Associate Agreement: If applicable, Provider must execute Attachment N/A, Business Associates
Agreement prior to receiving any Protected Health Information, as defined in 45 CFR § 160.103, from the
Department.
4. Data Security and Confidentiality: If applicable, and Provider requires access to the Department’s network
under the Contract, Provider must execute Attachment N/A, Data Security and Confidentiality Attachment prior
to accessing the network.
W. Venue and Remedies for Default:

1. Venue: Venue for any legal actions arising from this Contract must be in Leon County, Florida, to the exclusion of any
other jurisdiction unless the Contract is entered into by one of the Department’s County Health Departments, in which
case, venue for any legal actions will be in the county in which the county health department is located. Each party
hereby consents to the jurisdiction of such court and irrevocably waives, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any
objection or defense of lack of jurisdiction or inconvenient forum. In the event of a dispute, each party is responsible
for their own attorney fees and costs unless otherwise prohibited by law.
2. Remedies for Default: Provider’s failure to adhere to the Contract terms and conditions will subject Provider to
the remedies set forth in Section III., paragraph B. 3., below.
X. Force Majeure: Provider may be excused from liability for the failure or delay in performance of any obligation under this

Contract for any event beyond Provider’s reasonable control, including but not limited to, Acts of God, fire, flood,
explosion, earthquake, or other natural forces, war, civil unrest, any strike, or labor disturbance. Such excuse from liability
is effective only to the extent and duration of the event(s) causing the failure or delay in performance and provided that
Provider or its employees, including any subcontracted providers, have not caused such event(s) to occur. If Provider
believes an excusable delay has occurred, Provider must notify the Department in writing of the delay or potential delay
within five business days after its occurrence for review and approval (which will not be unreasonably withheld) and
include at a minimum, a description of the delay, date the force majeure event occurred including the duration, and the tasks
Form Revised February 2025

9

Contract # 25C35

    



and deliverables affected by the delay. Provider will not be entitled to an increase in the Contract price or payment of any
kind from the Department for direct, indirect, consequential, impact or other costs, expenses or damages, including but not
limited to costs of acceleration or inefficiency, arising because of delay, disruption, interference, or hindrance from any
cause whatsoever. All delivery dates under this Contract that have been affected by the force majeure event is tolled for the
duration of such force majeure event. If the Contract is tolled for any reason, Provider is not entitled to payment for the days
services were not rendered and no financial consequences will be assessed by the Department for that affected task(s) or
deliverable.
Y. Employment Eligibility Verification: Provider is required to use the U.S. Department of Homeland Security’s E-Verify

system, located at https://www.e-verify.gov to verify the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees used by
Provider under this Contract. Provider must also include in related subcontractors, if authorized under this Contract, a
requirement that subcontractors performing work under this Contract use the E-Verify system to verify employment
eligibility of all newly hired employees. Failure to comply with the requirements of section 448.095, Florida Statutes, will
result in the Contract being terminated.
Z. USDA WIC Services: Provider agrees to abide by the following requirements if the Contract is related to services or

commodities being provided to WIC applicants or participants: Assurance of Civil Rights Compliance: Provider hereby
agrees that it will comply with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.); Title IX of the Education
Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.); Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794); the Age
Discrimination Act of 1975 (42 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.); Title II and Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) of
1990, as amended by the ADA Amendment Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 12131-12189) and as implemented by Department of
Justice regulations at 28 CFR Parts 35 and 36; Executive Order 13166, “Improving Access to Services for Persons with
Limited English Proficiency” (August 11, 2000); all provisions required by the implementing regulations of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (7 CFR Part 15 et seq.); and FNS directives and guidelines to the effect that no person shall, on
the ground of race, color, national origin, age, sex, or disability, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of,
or otherwise be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity for which the agency receives Federal financial
assistance from FNS; and hereby gives assurance that it will immediately take measures necessary to effectuate this
agreement.
By providing this assurance, the Provider agrees to compile data, maintain records, and submit records and reports as
required to permit effective enforcement of the nondiscrimination laws, and to permit Department personnel during
normal working hours to review and copy such records, books, and accounts, access such facilities, and interview
such personnel as needed to ascertain compliance with the non-discrimination laws. If there are any violations of this
assurance, the USDA shall have the right to seek judicial enforcement of this assurance. This assurance is given in
consideration of and for the purpose of obtaining any and all Federal financial assistance, grants, and loans of
Federal funds, reimbursable expenditures, grant or donation of Federal property and interest in property, the detail of
Federal personnel, the sale and lease of, and the permission to use Federal property or interest in such property or the
furnishing of services without consideration or at a nominal consideration, or at a consideration that is reduced for
the purpose of assisting the recipient, or in recognition of the public interest to be served by such sale, lease, or
furnishing of services to the recipient, or any improvements made with Federal financial assistance extended to the
Program applicant by USDA. This includes any Federal agreement, arrangement, or other Contract that has as one of
its purposes the provision of cash assistance for the purchase of food, and cash assistance for purchase or rental of
food service equipment or any other financial assistance extended in reliance on the representations and agreements
made in this assurance.
This assurance is binding on the Provider, its successors, transferees, and assignees if it receives or retains
possession of any assistance from the Department. The person or persons whose signatures appear below are
authorized to agree to abide by these assurances on behalf of the Provider.
AA. Replacement of Provider staff: The Department may request the removal or replacement of Provider staff, which

includes, but is not limited to, Provider’s officers, agents, employees, subcontractors, or assignees, from performing
services under this Contract. The Provider’s offered replacement must have equal or superior skills and qualifications of the
prior individual.
BB. Purchase of Motor Vehicles: Pursuant to section 287.14(3), Florida Statutes, funds received under this Contract cannot be

used to purchase or allow for the continuous lease of any motor vehicle unless funds were appropriated by the Legislature.
This requirement does not apply to motor vehicles needed to meet unforeseen or emergency situations if approved by the
Executive Office of the Governor after consultation with the legislative appropriations committees.

Form Revised February 2025

10

Contract # 25C35

    



CC. Pharmacy Benefit Manager Services: Pursuant to Fla. Exec. Order No. 22-164, if this Contract is for the provision of

Pharmacy Benefit Manager Services (PBM), Provider’s PBM is prohibited from the use of spread pricing and financial
claw backs. Provider agrees to have data reporting measures, including, but not limited to, data regarding rebates and
payments from drug manufacturers, insurers, and pharmacies, if applicable, available to the Department for review. Any
information provided by the Provider may only be collected, shared, or disclosed in accordance with federal and state law,
including any relevant privacy laws related to proprietary or confidential information.
DD. Notice Requirements: Any notices provided under this Contract must be delivered by certified mail, return receipt

requested, in person with proof of delivery, or by email to the email address of the respective party identified in Section
III.D., below.
II. METHOD OF PAYMENT
$ Contract Amount: The Department agrees to pay the Provider for the completion of the deliverables as specified in
Attachment I, in an amount not to exceed $, subject to the availability of funds. The state of Florida's
performance and obligation to pay under this Contract is contingent upon an annual appropriation by the Legislature.
The costs of services paid under any other contract or from any other source are not eligible for reimbursement under
this Contract.
% Contract Payment:
 Provider must submit bills for fees or other compensation for services or expenses in sufficient detail for a properpreaudit and post-audit thereof.
 Where reimbursement of travel expenses is allowable as specified in Attachment I, bills for any travel expenses mustbe
submitted in accordance with section 112.061, Florida Statutes. The Department may, if specified in Attachment I,
establish rates lower than the maximum provided in section 112.061, Florida Statutes.
 Pursuant to section 215.422, Florida Statutes, the Department has five working days to inspect and approve goods and
services, unless this Contract specifies otherwise. Except for payments to health care providers for hospital, medical, or
other health care services, if payment is not available within 40 days, measured from the latter of the date the invoice is
received or the goods or services are received, inspected, and approved, a separate interest penalty set by the State’s
Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 55.03, Florida Statutes, will be due and payable in addition to the invoice
amount. To obtain the applicable interest rate, contact the Department’s fiscal office or Contract administrator.
Payments to health care providers for hospitals, medical, or other health care services, will be made not more than 35
days from the date eligibility for payment is determined, at the daily interest rate of 0.03333 percent. Invoices returnedto
the Provider due to preparation errors will result in a payment delay. Interest penalties of less than one dollar will notbe
enforced unless the Provider requests payment. Invoice payment requirements do not start until a properlycompleted
invoice is provided to the Department.
 Bonuses: Pursuant to section 215.425, Florida statutes, any bonus scheme implemented by Provider must: 1) base
the award of a bonus on work performance; 2) describe the performance standards and evaluation process by
which a bonus will be awarded; 3) notify all employees of the policy, ordinance, rule, or resolution before the
beginning of the evaluation period on which a bonus will be based; and 4) consider all employees for the bonus. A
copy of the Provider’s policy, ordinance, rule, or resolution must be submitted to the Contract Manager for review
prior to Contract funds being allocated for such payment. The Department reserves the right to refuse Provider’s
request to allocate any Contract funds for the payment of bonuses.
 Florida Substitute Form W-9: Provider is required to submit a substitute W-9 form to the Department of
Financial Services (DFS) electronically prior to doing business with the state of Florida via the Vendor Website at
https://flvendor.myfloridacfo.com. Any subsequent changes to Provider’s W-9 must be made on this website;
however, if the Provider needs to change its Federal Employer Identification Number (FEID), it must contact the
DFS Vendor Ombudsman Section at (850) 413-5516.
C. Vendor Ombudsman: A Vendor Ombudsman has been established within DFS whose duties include acting as an
advocate for providers who may be experiencing problems in obtaining timely payment from a state agency. The Vendor
Ombudsman may be contacted at (850) 413-5516 or by calling the DFS Consumer Hotline at 1-(800)-342-2762.
D. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures: This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. For purposes of this
Contract, use of a facsimile, e-mail, or another electronic medium shall have the same force and effect as an original
signature.

Form Revised February 2025

11

Contract # 25C35

    



III. PROVIDER CONTRACT TERM
$ Effective and Ending Dates: This Contract will begin on 6HSWHPEHU 1, 2025 or on the date on which the Contract has been
signed by both parties, whichever is later. It will end on $XJXVW 3, 2026.
% Termination
 Termination at Will: This Contract may be terminated by either party upon no less than 30 calendar days’ written
notice to the other party, without cause, unless a lesser time is mutually agreed upon in writing by both parties. Provider
will be compensated for any work completed prior to the effective date of the termination.
 Termination Because of Lack of Funds: In the event funds to finance this Contract become unavailable, the
Department may terminate the Contract upon no less than 24 hours’ written notice to Provider. The Department will be
the final authority as to the availability and adequacy of funds. Provider will be compensated for any work completed
prior to the effective date of the termination.
 Termination for Breach: This Contract may be terminated for material breach upon no less than 24 hours’ written
notice to Provider. Waiver of breach of any provisions of this Contract will not be deemed to be a waiver of any other
breach and will not be construed to be a modification of the terms of this Contract. In the event of default, in addition to
the Department’s right to terminate the Contract, the Department may pursue any of its remedies at law or in equity,
including but not limited to, any losses or expenditures of the Department in obtaining replacement services or
commodities, investigating, monitoring, or auditing, including legal fees, professional fees, consulting fees, and witness
fees. These remedies shall include offsetting any sums due to Provider under the Contract, and any other remedies at law
or in equity.
& Modification: Any modifications to this Contract must be in writing and executed by the parties.
' Contract Representatives Contact Information:
1. The name, mailing address, email address, and telephone number 3. The name, mailing address, email address, and
telephone number of the Department’s Contract
of Provider’s official payee to whom the payment will be made
Manager is:
is:
Bridgette Morton
University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
4052
Bald
Cypress Way, Bin A-24
7HFKQRORJ\3DUNZD\6XLWH
Tallahassee,
Florida 32399-1720
Orlando, Florida 32826
Bridgette.Morton@flhealth.gov 850-558-9620
2. The name of the contact person and street address where
Provider’s financial and administrative records are maintained is:
Aaron Davis-'
7HFKQRORJ\3DUNZD\6XLWH
Orlando, Florida 32826

4.The name, mailing address, email address, and telephone
number of Provider’s representative responsible for
administration of the program under this Contract is:
$DURQ'DYLV-'
7HFKQRORJ\3DUNZD\6XLWH
Orlando, Florida 32826

5. Provide written notice to the other party of any changes in the above Contract representative’s contact information. Any
such changes will not require a formal amendment to this Contract.
E. All Terms and Conditions Included: This Contract and its attachments and exhibits as referenced, I, II, III, IV, V, VI, and
VII contain all the terms and conditions agreed upon by the parties. There are no provisions, terms, conditions, or
obligations other than those contained herein, and this Contract will supersede all previous communications,
representations, or agreements, either verbal or written between the parties. If any term or provision of this Contract is
found to be illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of the Contract will remain in full force and effect and such term or
provision will be stricken.

END OF TEXT

Form Revised February 2025

12

Contract # 25C35

    



IN WITNESS THEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this  page Contract to be executed by their undersigned,
duly authorized, officials, and attest to have read the above Contract and agree to the terms contained within it.
PROVIDER: UNIVERSITY OF CENTRAL FLORIDA BOARD
OF TRUSTEES

STATE OF FLORIDA, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH

SIGNATURE:

SIGNATURE:

PRINT/TYPE NAME: $$521'$9,6-'
TITLE: &2175$&762)),&(5,,,
DATE:  

PRINT/TYPE NAME: MIKE MASON
TITLE: ASSISTANT DEPUTY SECRETARY)25+($/7+
 
DATE:
BY SIGNING THIS CONTRACT, THE ABOVE
ATTESTS THERE IS EVIDENCE IN THE CONTRACT
FILE DEMONSTRATING THIS CONTRACT WAS
REVIEWED BY THE DEPARTMENT’S OFFICE OF
THE GENERAL COUNSEL.

STATE AGENCY 29-DIGIT FLAIR CODE: N/A
FEID# (PLUS 3-DIGIT SEQ.) (OR SSN): 59-2924021(082)
PROVIDER FISCAL YEAR ENDING DATE: 6/30

Form Revised February 2025

13

Contract # 25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
ATTACHMENT I
A.

Services to be Provided:
1.

General Description:
General Statement: This agreement is for the research as part of the
William G. “Bill” Bankhead, Jr. and David Coley Cancer Research
Program, The James and Esther King Biomedical Research Program,
The Live Like Bella Pediatric Cancer Research Initiative, The Ed and
Ethel Moore Alzheimer’s Disease Research Program, the Andrew John
Anderson Pediatric Rare Diseases Research Program, or the Cancer
Innovation Fund. The purpose of the William G. “Bill” Bankhead, Jr. and
David Coley Cancer Research Program is to advance progress toward
cures for cancer through grants awarded through a peer-reviewed,
competitive process. The purpose of the James and Esther King
Biomedical Research Program is to support research initiatives that
address the health care problems of Floridians in the areas of tobaccorelated cancer, cardiovascular disease, stroke, and pulmonary disease.
The purpose of the Live Like Bella Pediatric Cancer Research Initiative is
to advance progress toward curing pediatric cancer through grants
awarded through a peer-reviewed, competitive process. The purpose of
the Ed and Ethel Moore Alzheimer’s Disease Research Program is to
fund research leading to prevention of, or a cure for, Alzheimer’s disease.
The Andrew John Anderson Rare Pediatric Disease Research Grant
Program is to advance the progress of research and cures for pediatric
rare disease by awarding grants through a competitive, peer-reviewed
process.
a.

2.

Authority: Pursuant to Section(s) 215.5602, 381.82, 381,915, 381.922,
and 381.991, Florida Statutes, the Department of Health has the authority
to enter this agreement.

Definition of Terms:
a.

Collaborator: An individual involves with the corresponding principal
investigator in the scientific development or execution of the project.
These individuals typically devote a specific percent of effort to the project
and are identified as key personnel. The collaborator may be employed
by, or affiliated with, either the Grantee institution or an institution
participating in the project under a consortium or other agreement.

b.

Corresponding Principal Investigator (PI): The one individual designated
by the applicant organization to direct the project to be supported by the
grant. The Co-PI is responsible and accountable to applicant organization
officials for the proper conduct of the project.

c.

Department: Florida Department of Health.

14

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees

3.

d.

Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC): A committee that
oversees the care and use of animals at institutions that conduct
research.

e.

Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC): A committee that reviews and
approves research that involves potentially hazardous biological agents.

f.

Institutional Review Board (IRB): A committee that reviews research
involving human subjects to determine if research complies with law,
including but not limited to 45 CFR 46, and 21 CFR 50, 56, 312, and 812
as applicable.

g.

Grantee: Research institution to which this grant is awarded.

h.

Key Personnel: Project key personnel include the corresponding principal
investigator and all other principal investigators and co-principal
investigators, project director, and mentor (in the case of directed
research projects involving post-doctoral researchers). These personnel
contribute to the scientific development or execution of the project in a
substantive way, whether salaries are requested or not.

i.

Overlap, Commitment: Occurs when any project staff has time
commitments exceeding 100 percent.

j.

Overlap, Financial: Occurs when duplicate or equivalent budget items are
requested in an application but are already funded or provided for by
another source.

k.

Overlap, Scientific: Occurs when substantially the same research is
funded by two or more different funding sources, or when a specific
research objective and the research design for accomplishing that
objective are the same or closely related in two or more awards,
regardless of the funding source.

l.

Quarter: A three-month period of the grant. The quarters for this grant
are July through September (first quarter); October through December
(second quarter); January through March (third quarter); April through
June (fourth quarter). For the quarter in which the is executed only, the
start of the quarter is defined as the execution date of this agreement.

m.

Radiation Safety Committee (RSC): A group established within a
research organization to oversee and enforce policies regarding the safe
use of radioactive materials and radiation-producing equipment.

Clients to be Served: Non-client Services.

15

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
B.

Manner of Service Provision:
1. Scope of Work: Initiate research under this grant within three months of the
execution date. Provide reports to the Department describing the impact of the
research on health outcomes, scientific impact, and patents.
a.

Task List: The Grantee will perform the following tasks:
1)

Grantee, which must obtain and submit all approvals necessary to
the Department, must start research under this grant no later than
three months after the execution date of the grant. Starting
research means that all supplies, personnel, and other items are
in place to begin experiments or conduct trials or analyses within
three months of grant execution date.
a. Grantee must submit to the Department the approval(s), and
any applicable protocol(s) and consent form(s), within 5 days
from execution of this Agreement, for all institutional
authorizations including, but not limited to, an IRB, an
IACUC, and an IBC approval, and a Radiation Safety
Review, if the grant project requires the use of human
subjects or vertebrate animals, recombinant DNA, stem
cells, or radiation. Any institutional authorization must
include the grant title exactly as it appears in Section 2.
Grant Period and Awards, of this Agreement. For additional
details, review subsections below regarding the use of
human subjects, vertebrate animals, recombinant nucleic
acid, stem cells, and radiation safety reviews. Any changes
or modifications to institutional authorizations, protocols, or
consent forms must be submitted to the Department no later
than 10 working days after the approved change or
modification.
i. Human Subjects: The following provisions apply if
the project involves human subjects:
1. Grantee must comply with all applicable
federal and state laws and regulations,
including 45 CFR 46, 45 CFR 160 and 164,
and 21 CFR 50, 56, 312, 812, and other
applicable regulations, when research is
covered by regulations, or the organization
has committed to applying federal regulations
or equivalent protections to all research.
2. Grantee must obtain, maintain, and provide to
the Department an active Institutional Review
Board (IRB) approval letter before project
work can begin. The approval letter must
include Corresponding Principal Investigator’s
name, grant title exactly as it appears in these
16

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
Terms and Conditions, approval date,
expiration date, and the signature of the
approving authority chairperson.
3. Grantee is responsible for safeguarding the
rights and welfare of human subjects in
Department-supported projects. Grantees
proposing to involve human subjects in
nonexempt research must provide, upon
request, a copy of the organization’s
Assurance of Compliance with the Office of
Human Research Protections (OHRP) and
must establish and maintain appropriate
policies and procedures for the protection of
human subjects.
4. Grantees are required to obtain and maintain
approval from an IRB accredited by the
Association for Accreditation of Human
Research Protection Programs (AAHRPP), or
an IRB acceptable to the Department, within
two months of notice of award. Grantees are
required to follow Department policies for
reporting unanticipated problems and noncompliance involving the research to the
Department.
5. When appropriate, Grantee agrees to define
the arrangements for medical care for
research-related injury before the research
starts and communicate it to prospective
research subjects. This does not require any
particular party to be responsible for such
care; it requires that it be made clear to
subjects through the informed consent
document/process who will provide medical
care and who will be responsible to pay for it,
should a subject experience a researchrelated injury.
6. Grantee agrees to report to the Department
within 2 state working days, any expiration of
IRB approval, serious or continuing noncompliance, unanticipated problems involving
risks to subjects or others, and any
suspension or termination of IRB approval.
Grantee’s IRB must report to the Department
when reporting to federal officials any serious
or continuing non-compliance or
unanticipated problem involving risks to
subjects or others.
17

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees

7. During the time that one or more IRB
approval(s) is expired, all activities covered by
the expired IRB approval(s) must stop until
approval is obtained, and expenses for those
activities during the expired period will be
disallowed.
8. Grantee must comply with NOT-OD-18-014:
“NIH Policy and Guidelines on the Inclusion of
Women and Minorities as Subjects in Clinical
Research.”
9. Research subjects can receive participation
payments. Grantees must provide the page of
the approved IRB protocol that indicates the
research participant payment form and
amount. Participant payment distribution logs
with all personal information redacted will be
required with each invoice. The logs will serve
as an accounting of incentives given to
research subjects each quarter. A summary of
the log must be included with each invoice
that provides the total number of participant
visits for the quarter, the unit cost for
participant payments, visit type, and the total
cost for participant payments for each quarter.
An example of this required documentation
can be found at:
http://www.floridahealth.gov/provider-andpartner-resources/research/grant-programsresources/forms-library.html.
ii. Vertebrate Animals: If this project involves the use of
vertebrate animals, the following terms apply:
1. Grantee is responsible for the humane care
and use of animals in Department-supported
research activities. Grantee must abide by the
Animal Welfare Act as amended (7 USC,
2131-2159) and other Federal statutes and
regulations relating to animals.
2. Grantee must obtain, maintain, and provide to
the Department active verification or
certification of Institutional Animal Care and
Use Committee (IACUC) approval before
project work can begin. The verification must
include Corresponding Principal Investigator
name, the exact grant title, approval and

18

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
expiration dates, and signature of the
approving authority chairperson.
3. Grantee must report within two state business
days to the Department, any expiration of
IACUC approval, serious or continuing noncompliance, and any suspension or
termination of IACUC approval.
4. During the time that the IACUC approval is
expired, all activities covered by the expired
IACUC approval must discontinue until a
renewal is obtained, and expenses for those
activities during the expired period will be
disallowed.
iii. Recombinant Nucleic Acid: All research involving
Recombinant Nucleic Acid techniques must meet the
requirements of the “NIH Guidelines for Research
Involving Recombinant or Synthetic Nucleic Acid
Molecules.” The Corresponding Principal
Investigator is responsible for verifying if IBC
approval is warranted.
iv. Stem Cells: All research involving human stem cells
must meet the requirements of the “National
Institutes of Health Guidelines for Human Stem Cell
Research.” The Corresponding Principal Investigator
is responsible for verifying if IBC approval is
warranted.
v. Radiation Safety Review: All research involving
radiation must meet the requirements of the “NIH
Human Research Protection Program,” in addition to
any grantee radiation safety requirements. The
Corresponding Principal Investigator is responsible
for verifying if a Radiation Safety Review is
warranted.
b. Prior to starting research under this grant, Grantee must
provide the Department with a conflict of interest form signed
by the Principal Investigator, a budget approved by the
Department, and the following documents, as applicable: an
approved management plan; an Institutional Review Board
(IRB) approval(s); an Institutional Animal Care and Use
Committee (IACUC) approval(s); an Institutional Biosafety

19

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
Committee (IBC) approval(s); and a Radiation Safety
Review(s).
i. Financial Conflict of Interest: The Grantee must
report to the Department any reportable interests,
regardless of any conflict-of-interest procedures at
Grantee’s institution, at the time of the application
and before the grant starts. Grantee must have in
place an administrative process to identify and
resolve financial conflicts of interest that may affect
the objectivity of the proposed research. Grantee
must inform the Department of any conflict-of-interest
management plan required by Grantee’s institution
prior to starting research. The Department may
require an additional management plan if the plan
developed by Grantee’s institution is not acceptable
to the Department. If a reportable interest as defined
by the Department arises after the grant starts,
Grantee must notify the Department within 48 hours.
c. Grantee must update the Department via email each month
regarding the status of all applicable regulatory applications
prior to receiving institutional authorization. Once all
applicable institutional authorizations are received, and the
Department has been sent a final update stating that all
applications have been approved, the Grantee will no longer
need to provide the Department with monthly updates.
d. The Grantee must request, in writing, from the Department’s
Grant Manager, authority to begin a portion of the grant
project that does not deal with human subjects, vertebrate
animals, recombinant DNA, stem cells, or radiation pending
institutional authorization(s). This request must be submitted
after execution of the grant, but no later than three months
after execution.
2)

Grantee must provide reports to the Department describing the
impact of the research on health outcomes; scientific impact such
as publications in peer-review journals, presentations,
collaborations, or patents; and any subsequent additional grant
funding related to the research subject.
a. Grantee must prepare quarterly financial and expenditure
reports and narrative progress reports, which include a
description of the impact of the research on health outcomes
and other deliverables as outlined in Attachment III. Reports
must be submitted to the Department no later than close of
business 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time on the dates outlined in
Attachment III. Reports must be prepared in the format
specified by the Department.
b. Grantee must prepare annual and final Florida Legislative
Progress Reports to be used in the preparation of the
statutorily required annual report to the Florida Legislature
and Governor. Grantee will make all reasonable efforts to
20

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
assist the Department in gathering data required for
reporting to the Florida Legislature and Governor pursuant to
section 381.922(6) or 215.5602(10), Florida Statutes, and
other laws, as applicable, both during and after the grant
period. Upon request, Grantee agrees to report to the
Department a description of all outcomes resulting from this
grant, including but not limited to a description of the impact
of the research on health outcomes, publications,
presentations, peer-reviewed journal articles, databases,
additional grants and monies received, postsecondary
educational institutional involvement, patents, inventions
disclosures, collaborations, and copyrights. The narrative
report is intended for a general audience and should be
limited to 500 words. The report is due annually by July 31.
A final legislative report is due before the grant close out in
accordance with the schedule of deliverables in Attachment
III.
i. Publications, Presentations, Patents, or Printing of
Reports: Any publications, presentations, patents,
printed reports, materials designed for use by the
general public (e.g., educational pamphlets), or
resulting research findings related to this grant must
acknowledge the appropriate funding source: Florida
Department of Health, Public Health Research,
Biomedical Research Program. Grantee must notify
the Department of all publications, presentations,
patents, printed reports, materials designed for use
by the general public, and research findings as a
result of this grant both during the grant period and
for a period of six years after the grant ends. Return
on Investment surveys will be sent to prior grantees
for completion which measures the long-term impact
of the research grant funds. The Grantee is to
provide the Department a copy of each peerreviewed journal article that is published. Further, if
research is presented at a conference, the
presentation, poster, and abstract should be
submitted to the Department. If the presentation was
scientific, a summary should be developed and
submitted that can be understood by and provided to
the public.
ii. Best Practices, Innovative Therapies, and Protocols
Developed: Grantee must provide, any best
practices, innovative therapies, and protocols
developed with grant funds and how they will be
shared with the public.

21

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees

b.

Deliverables: The Grantee must perform the following deliverables in the
time and manner specified:
1)

c.

2.

3.

Quarterly: Provision of research as specified in Tasks B.1.a.1)
through B.1.a.2).

Performance Measures: Deliverables must be met at the following
minimum level of performance:
1)

Submit appropriate IRB, IACUC, IBC, or Radiation Safety Review
approval within 5 days of execution of this agreement as specified.

2)

Initiate research within three months of grant execution as
specified.

3)

Submit to the Department all updates and changes to the IRB,
IACUC, IBC, or Radiation Safety Review, and any applicable
protocol(s) and consent form(s), as specified.

4)

Provide progress reports according to Attachment III as specified.

Financial Consequences: Failure of Grantee to complete or submit a deliverable
in the time and manner specified will result in a reduction in payment for that
deliverable as follows:
a.

Failure to provide to the Department IRB, IACUC, IBC, or Radiation
Safety Review approval(s) within 5 days of execution of this agreement
will result in a reduction of 20 percent to the quarterly invoice.

b.

Failure to start research no later than three months following the
execution of this agreement as specified will result in a reduction of 10
percent to the quarterly invoice.

c.

Failure to provide to the Department all updates and changes to IRB,
IACUC, IBC, or Radiation Safety Review as specified, will result in a
reduction of 10 percent to the quarterly invoice.

d.

Failure to submit progress reports as specified will result in a reduction of
10 percent to the quarterly invoice.

Service Location, Times, and Equipment:
a.

Service Delivery Location: Services under this grant must be provided at
the Grantee’s institution:
7HFKQRORJ\3DUNZD\6XLWH
Orlando, Florida 32826

22

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
b.

4.

C.

Changes in Location: Grantee must obtain written Grant Manager or
designee approval for all location changes prior to the effective date of
the location change.

Staffing Requirement:
a.

Staffing Level: Grantee must maintain an adequate administrative and
organizational structure sufficient to complete the deliverables under the
grant.

b.

Professional Qualifications: Grantee will be responsible for the staff
affiliated with this program, ensuring they have the education, experience
and training necessary to successfully carry out their duties, including any
professional licensure or certification, which may be required by law.

c.

Staffing Changes: Grantee must notify the Grant Manager in writing prior
to any changes in Key Personnel or staffing. Grantee must establish a
system to track work effort commitments of all key personnel.
Commitment of any individual’s effort greater than 100 percent is not
permitted. Effort certification documentation must indicate the committed
or actual work effort expended on the grant during the grant period and
the percentage of effort performed for all deliverables. All effort assigned
to this grant must be for work directly related to the project. Replacement
of or reduction in the effort of the Project Director or Co-PI(s) are not
allowed within the first year and may not be decreased more than ten
percent within any one year of the grant period. The amount of effort of
the Project Director or Co-PI(s) must remain consistent with the approved
budget and any approved changes.

Method of Payment:
1.

Payment: This is a fixed-price, fixed-fee grant. The Department will pay the
Grantee for satisfactory completion of the deliverables as specified in section
B.1.b.1 of this grant, a total dollar amount not to exceed $1,998,935.00 for the
grant term. Payments will be made in accordance with Attachment III of this
grant.

2.

Unit of Service: A unit of service will consist of one quarter of completed required
deliverables, as specified in Section B.1.b. A quarter of deliverables will include
all deliverables due in that quarter, including any monthly or annual deliverables
scheduled for delivery in a particular quarter.

3.

Invoice Requirements: Grantee must submit a properly completed invoice to the
Grant Manager in accordance with Attachment III of this grant. At a minimum,
each invoice must contain a list of all completed deliverables for the invoice
period, the invoice date, invoice number, a statement certifying the accuracy of
the invoice, and the signature of an individual with the authority to bind Grantee.

4.

Supporting Documentation Requirements
23

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees

D.

a.

Budget: Department approved budget is Attachment V of this grant. Any
revisions to an approved budget or budget justification must be submitted
to the Grant Manager for review and approval prior to implementation.
Revisions to the budget will become effective upon approval by the
Department.

b.

Quarterly Financial and Expenditure Report: Grantee must submit a
Quarterly Financial and Expenditure Report in the quarter specified by the
Grant Manager. Each Quarterly Financial Report must state, by line item,
all grant fund expenditures made by the Grantee to complete the
deliverables under this grant. All Quarterly Financial Reports must be
submitted to the Grant Manager as specified in Attachment III. For the
fourth quarter of each grant year, submit the Annual Financial Report in
accordance with section I.C.6.c. of the Department’s Standard Contract.

c.

Quarterly Progress Report: Grantee must submit a Quarterly Progress
Report as specified in Attachment III. The Quarterly Progress Report will
be submitted using a Department approved form. For the fourth quarter of
each fiscal year of the grant, Grantee must also submit an Annual
Legislative Progress Report as specified in Attachment III. In addition, a
Cumulative Progress Report must be submitted with the final invoice as
specified in Attachment III.

Special Provisions:
1.

No-Cost Extension: No-Cost Extensions are granted at the sole discretion of the
Department. Requests for No-Cost Extension must meet the following
requirements:
a. Grantee must submit the Department’s Request for No-Cost Extension
form, including the completed Cumulative Grant Progress Report, to the
Department’s Grant Manager no later than the date specified in
Attachment III. Any No-Cost Extension request received after this date
will not be considered by the Department.
b. Grantee will not be eligible for more than one, six-month no-cost
extension. Grants awarded for 54 month terms are not eligible for no-cost
extensions. The end date of a 54-month agreement may be adjusted by
the Department to meet internal payment requirements for the fifth and
final year of funding.
c. No additional grant funding will be provided to the Grantee if the No-Cost
Extension request is approved by the Department.
2. Data Requests and Project Updates: Upon request by the Department, grantee
will respond appropriately to all requests for data and project status updates
within two business days of the date the Department makes such request.
3. To accept these funds and by signing the contract, all research funded under this
opportunity must be conducted in Florida.

24

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
4. In accepting grant funds, the awardee and awardee’s institution agree that any
work, invention, discovery, or development resulting from the grant-funded
project shall be subject to public domain, and not be subject to patents,
trademarks, and/or copyrights that could result in financial gain to the awardee or
awardee’s institution without prior approval from the Department.
5. Grantees agree that by accepting funds, any results or outcomes are shared
publicly to further Florida’s research agenda.
6.

Other Provisions:
a.

Order of Precedence:
(1)

b.

This grant, its exhibits, and attachments, the Funding Opportunity
Announcement, and Grantee’s response to the Funding
Opportunity Announcement, contain all the terms and conditions
agreed upon by the parties. In the event of any conflict among
these documents, the order of precedence will be this grant, the
Funding Opportunity Announcement, and then Grantee’s
response.

Non-Expendable Property Requirements: Non-expendable property is
defined as tangible personal property with a value or cost of $5,000.00 or
more and having a projected useful life of one year or more, any
hardback book with a value or cost of $25.00 or more and having an
expected useful life of at least one year or more that is circulated to
students or the general public, and any hardback book with the value or
cost of $250.00 or more that is not circulated to students or the general
public. Hardback books with a value or cost of $250.00 or more should be
classified as OCO (Other Capital Outlay) expenditures.
All such property purchased with funds from this grant must be listed on
the property records of Grantee. The listing shall include a description of
the property, model number, manufacturer’s serial number, funding
source, information needed to calculate the federal or state share, date of
acquisition, unit cost, property inventory number, and information on the
location, use and condition, transfer, replacement, or disposition of the
property.
Title (ownership) to all non-expendable property acquired with funds from
the grant shall remain with the Grantee upon completion or termination of
the grant.
During the term of the grant, Grantee shall not dispose of non-expendable
property purchased with funds from this grant except with the permission
of the Department in accordance with their instructions.

c.

University Language:
1)

Standard Contract, Section I, Paragraph D.1, Monitoring by the
Department, is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
25

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
following:
Monitoring by the Department: To permit persons duly authorized
by the Department to inspect any records, papers, documents,
facilities, goods, and services of Grantee, which are relevant to
this grant, and interview any clients and employees of Grantee to
assure the Department of satisfactory performance of the terms
and conditions of this grant. The Department must be permitted
access to such records only as authorized or permitted by federal
law and the laws of the state of Florida. Following such inspection,
the Department will deliver to Grantee a list of its comments
regarding the way said goods or services are being provided.
Grantee will rectify all noted deficiencies within the specified
period set forth in the comments or provide the Department with a
reasonable and acceptable justification, as determined by the
Department, for not correcting the noted shortcomings. Grantee’s
failure to correct or justify within the time specified will result in the
withholding of payments, being deemed in breach or default, or
termination of this grant.
2)

Standard Contract, Section I, Paragraph I., Return of Funds, is
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
Return of Funds: The final invoice is based on a reconciliation of
all costs associated with the project, not to exceed the total award
amount, Life of the Grant, indicated in Attachment III. The
Grantee must return to the Department any overpayment of grant
funds related to disallowed expenditures, funds unaccounted for
due to non-submission of required deliverables, or other unused
grant funds at the end of the grant period. If the Grantee or its
independent auditor identifies that overpayment has been made;
the Grantee must repay the overpayment within 45 days of grant
end date. In the event the Department first discovers an
overpayment has been made, the Department will notify the
Grantee of such a finding. Should repayment not be made in a
timely manner, the Department may withhold the amount of the
overpayment from any future payments under this or any other
agreement. This provision will not be a limitation on any remedies
at law or equity available to the Department.

3)

Standard Contract, Section I, Paragraph S., Patents, Copyrights
and Royalties, is deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows:
Patents, Copyrights, and Royalties:
a.

Grantee will retain ownership of all intellectual property
developed as part of this grant. Intellectual property
includes all copyrights, trademarks, and patentable
developments.

26

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees

4)

b.

Grantee must notify the Florida Department of State of any
intellectual property developed or being developed as part
of this grant by the end of the grant term. Grantee grants
the state of Florida an irrevocable, nonexclusive, and
royalty-free license to use all intellectual property
developed under this grant for the complete lifetime of the
intellectual property rights.

c.

If this grant is paid for with federal funds, Grantee will grant
the awarding federal agency an irrevocable, nonexclusive,
and royalty-free license to use all intellectual property
developed under this grant for the complete lifetime of the
intellectual property rights.

Standard Contract, Section III, Paragraph B.1., Termination at
Will, is deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows:
Termination at Will: This grant may be terminated by either party
upon no less than 90 calendar days’ written notice to the other
party, without cause, unless a lesser time is mutually agreed upon
in writing by both parties. The notice must be delivered by certified
mail, return receipt requested, or in person with proof of delivery.
In the event this grant is terminated, Grantee will be compensated
for any deliverables completed prior to the Department’s
notification to Grantee of grant termination.

7.

Background Screening Requirement: At the Department’s sole discretion, it may
determine that background screening of some or all of Grantee’s officers, agents,
employees, subgrantees, or assignees is necessary. If the Department
determines background screening is required, Grantee shall conduct background
screenings or submit an attestation as specified in section L.1., of the
Department’s Standard Contract for staff hired or maintained during the grant
term. Grantee will incur all costs associated with the background screenings,
unless otherwise specified by the Department in writing.
8. Drug Screenings: Grantee agrees to the following:
a. If the Grantee’s officers, agents, employees, subgrantees, or assignees
(collectively “individuals”) are assigned to work in a department
designated Safety-Sensitive Class and/or Position, under this Agreement,
then a drug test must be performed prior to the individual being allowed to
start work under this Agreement. If an individual has already been
screened by the Grantee, then a written attestation confirming that the
individual has completed and cleared the drug screening must be
submitted to the Department prior to grant execution. If an individual has
not been drug screened, notify the Department immediately. No
individual can begin work under this grant until they have been cleared by
the Department.
b. If at any time while performing services under this grant reasonable
suspicion exists to believe that the Grantee’s staff, which includes, but is
not limited to, Grantee’s officers, agents, employees, subgrantees, or
27

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
assignees, are under the influence of or impaired by drugs, the
Department reserves the right to require the individual to undergo drug
testing. The Department may require the individual to cease performing
services pending drug test results. In the event of a positive drug test, the
Grantee must notify the Department in writing and at which time the
Department may request a replacement of equal or superior skills and
qualifications of the prior individual.
c. Be responsible for any costs associated with meeting this screening
requirement, unless otherwise specified in writing by the Department.
9. Reimbursement for allowed travel must be at or below the current State of
Florida travel rates, per section 112.061. In order to implement appropriations in
the General Appropriations Act for State travel and notwithstanding section
112.061, Florida Statutes, costs for lodging associated with a meeting,
conference, or convention organized or sponsored in whole or in part by a state
agency or the judicial branch may not exceed the current State of Florida
conference travel rates. For all other travel, the lodging travel rate cannot exceed
the rate specified in the Reference Guide for State Expenditures, which is
incorporated into this grant agreement by reference. The Grantee will not be
reimbursed for reservations made through third party travel sites (e.g.,
Booking.com, Expedia, Orbitz). Grantees must submit a travel voucher form in
every quarter in which they charged travel to their grant budgets. Travel is only
approved within the United States, including its territories. The State of Florida
Voucher for Reimbursement of Travel Expenses, Exhibit A, should be used for all
travel-related expenses unless the Grantee’s institutional travel voucher or
expenditure form has received prior approval from the DFS. Support
documentation for all travel-related expenses is needed, included receipts for
flight, hotel, parking, rental car, fuel, ground transportation, and registration,
meeting agenda or schedule, and copy of any presentation made. Do not use
acronyms or abbreviations on travel forms or documentation.
10. Financial Overlap: Other Support is defined as all financial resources, whether
federal, state or private, commercial or institutional, available in direct support of
an individual’s research endeavors, including but not limited to research grants,
cooperative agreements, contracts, and institutional awards (not included are
training awards, prizes, or gifts). Financial overlap is defined as accepting
financial compensation from one or more other support sources for the same or
substantially similar scientific aims/projects that are funded by the Department.
Financial overlap is not permitted. Grantee is responsible for monitoring changes
in other support for project key personnel to avoid financial overlap. Grantee is
responsible for notifying the Department of such changes and for resolving
overlap or requesting an amendment to prevent overlap. If financial overlap is
due to receipt of an award from another funding source during the grant period,
Grantee must notify the Department within 48 hours and resolve the overlap by:
a) modifying the start date or project aims of the new award to eliminate the
overlap or b) relinquishing one of the awards. Updated information on other
support may be requested by and must be provided to the Department at any
time during the grant period.

28

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
11. Policy Regarding Scientific Misconduct: The following provisions must apply to
ensure research integrity and manage scientific misconduct:
a. Applicants for, and recipients of, grants must promptly inform the
Department of any notices of scientific misconduct or suspensions. If an
administrative action for scientific misconduct is imposed by the
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), by his/her own
institution, or by any other regulatory agency, Grantee must notify the
Department within 48 hours. Grantee must provide a copy of the final
notice of the administrative action (i.e., after the disposition of any appeal)
to the Department either at the time of application or within 1-month of the
imposition of the administrative action.
b. Each eligible institution that receives or applies for a grant must certify
establishment of administrative policies consistent with 42 CFR 50,
Subpart A, “Responsibility of PHS Awardee and Applicant Institutions for
Dealing with and Reporting Possible Misconduct in Science,” and 42 CFR
94, “Public Health Service Standards for the Protection of Research
Misconduct Whistleblowers.”
END OF TEXT

29

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees

Attachment II
Grant Information

Florida Biomedical Research Programs
Terms and Conditions
Program: Florida Cancer Innovation Fund
Program CSFA #: 64.130
Grant Number: 25C35
Vendor Identification
59-2924021(082)
Number:
Grant Category: 3LORW
Grantee: University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
Principal Investigator: -DQH6*LEVRQ3K'
Grant Title: MammoChat: An AI-Driven Platform for Personalized Breast Cancer
Patient Support

Grant Abstract:

30

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees

.

Grant Period: 6HSWHPEHU 1, 2025 to $XJXVW, 2026

31

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
Grant Term: Four quarters
Total Grant Award: $1,998,935.00

32

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
Attachment III
Schedule of Deliverables and Payments
Florida Biomedical Research Programs
Terms and Conditions
Florida Cancer Innovation Fund Grant Title: MammoChat: An AI-Driven Platform for
Personalized Breast Cancer Patient Support
Due Dates by

Del.
#

Deliverable

Period Covered

COB 5:00 p.m.,
E.S.T.

FISCAL YEAR 2025-2026

1

2

x
x
x
x
x

x
x
x
x

1st Quarter Invoice for $499,733.75
1st Quarter Financial Report
1st Quarter Expenditure Report
1st Quarter Progress Report
Proof of Liability Insurance

nd

2 Quarter Invoice for $499,733.75
2nd Quarter Financial Report
2nd Quarter Expenditure Report
2nd Quarter Progress Report

IF REQUESTING A 6-MONTH NO-COST
EXTENSION SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING:

3

4

x
x

No-Cost Extension Request Form
Cumulative Grant Progress Report

x
x
x
x

3rd Quarter Invoice for $499,733.75
3rd Quarter Financial Report
3rd Quarter Expenditure Report
3rd Quarter Progress Report

x

Final Invoice is based on a
reconciliation of all costs associated
with the project not to exceed
$499,733.75
33

July 1, 2025 –
September 30, 2025

October 31, 2025

October 1, 2025 –
December 31, 2025

January 31, 2026

Life of the Grant

December 31,
2025

January 1, 2026 –
March 31, 2026

April 30, 2026

Life of the Grant

July 31, 2026

Contract #25C35

    



University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
x
x
x
x

Final Financial Report
Final Expenditure Report
Final Cumulative Grant Progress
Report
Final Legislative Report

34

Contract #25C35

    



ATTACHMENT IV
AUDIT REQUIREMENTS FOR AWARDS OF STATE AND FEDERAL FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE
The administration of resources awarded by the Department of Health to recipient organization may be federal or
state financial assistance as defined by 2 CFR § 200.40 and/or section 215.97, Florida Statutes, and may be subject
to audits and/or monitoring by the Department of Health, as described in this section. For this agreement, the
Department of Health has determined the following relationship exist:
1. ________ Vendor/Contractor (215.97(z), F.S.) and (2 CFR § 200.23). Funds used for goods and services for
the Department of Health’s own use and creates a procurement relationship with Recipient which is not subject
to single audit act compliance requirements for the Federal/State program as a result of this contract agreement.
A vendor/contractor agreement may also be used with an established Service Organization (SO) that is serving
as a Third-Party Administrator and in this case, is subject to SSAE18 audit reporting requirements (see Part III.
Other Audit Requirements).
2. ____X____ Recipient/Subrecipient of state financial assistance (215.97(o)(y), F.S.). Funds may be
expended only for allowable costs resulting from obligations incurred during the specified contract period. In
addition, any balance of unobligated funds which has been advanced or paid must be refunded to the
Department of Health as the state awarding agency. As well as funds paid in excess of the amount to which
the recipient/subrecipient is entitled under the terms and conditions of the contract must be refunded to the
Department of Health.
3. ________ Recipient/Subrecipient of federal financial assistance (2 CFR § 200.40) . Funds paid in excess
of the amount to which the recipient/subrecipient is entitled under the terms and conditions of the contract must
be refunded to the Department of Health as the Pass-Through state awarding agency. In addition, the
recipient/subrecipient may not earn or keep any profit resulting from Federal financial assistance, unless
explicitly authorized by the terms and conditions of the Federal award or this agreement.
Note: A vendor/contractor vs. recipient/subrecipient determination must conclude with the completion of Exhibit 2
to identify the recipient’s audit’s relationship with the department.

MONITORING
In addition to reviews of audits conducted in accordance with 2 CFR Part 200, Subpart F (formerly A-133) - Audit
Requirements, and section 215.97, Florida Statutes (F.S.), as revised (see AUDITS below), monitoring procedures
may include, but not be limited to, on-site visits by Department of Health staff, limited scope audits as defined by 2
CFR §200.425, or other procedures. By entering into this agreement, the recipient agrees to comply and cooperate
with any monitoring procedures or processes deemed appropriate by the Department of Health. In the event the
Department of Health determines that a limited scope audit of the recipient is appropriate, the recipient agrees to
comply with any additional instructions provided by Department of Health staff to the recipient regarding such audit.
The recipient further agrees to comply and cooperate with any inspections, reviews, investigations, or audits
deemed necessary by the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) or Auditor General.

Revised 10.2024



FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management Unit - Federal Compliance and Audit Management Section

Contract # 25C

    



AUDIT GUIDANCE
PART I:

FEDERALLY FUNDED

This part is applicable if Recipient is a State or local government or a non-profit organization as defined in 2 CFR
§200.90, §200.64, and §200.70.
1.

If a recipient expends $1,000,000 or more in Federal awards during its fiscal year, the recipient must have a
single or program-specific audit conducted in accordance with the provisions of 2 CFR 200, Subpart F - Audit
Requirements. EXHIBIT 1 to this form lists the federal resources awarded through the Department of Health by this
agreement. In determining the federal awards expended in its fiscal year, the recipient shall consider all sources of
federal awards, including federal resources received from the Department of Health. The determination of amounts
of federal awards expended should be in accordance with the guidelines established in 2 CFR §§200.502-503. An
audit of the recipient conducted by the Auditor General in accordance with the provisions of 2 CFR §200.514 will
meet the requirements of this Part.

2.

In connection with the audit requirements addressed in Part I, paragraph 1, Recipient shall fulfill the
requirements relative to auditee responsibilities as provided in 2 CFR §§ 200.508-.512.

3.

If a recipient expends less than $1,000,000 in Federal awards in its fiscal year, the recipient is not required
to have an audit conducted in accordance with the provisions of 2 CFR 200, Subpart F - Audit Requirements. If the
recipient expends less than $1,000,000 in federal awards in its fiscal year and elects to have an audit conducted in
accordance with the provisions of 2 CFR 200, Subpart F - Audit Requirements, the cost of the audit must be paid from
non-federal resources (i.e., the cost of such an audit must be paid from recipient resources obtained from other than
federal entities).

Note: Audits conducted in accordance with this part shall cover the entire organization for the organization’s fiscal year.
Compliance findings related to contracts with the Department of Health shall be based on the contract agreement’s
requirements, including any rules, regulations, or statutes referenced in the contract. The financial statements shall disclose
whether the matching requirement was met for each applicable contract. All questioned costs and liabilities due to the
Department of Health shall be fully disclosed in the audit report with reference to the Department of Health contract
involved. If not otherwise disclosed as required by 2 CFR § 200.510, the schedule of expenditures of Federal awards shall
identify expenditures by funding source and contract number for each contract with the Department of Health in effect during
the audit period.
Financial reporting packages required under this part must be submitted within the earlier of 30 days after receipt of the audit
report or 9 months after the end of Recipient’s fiscal year end.

Revised 10.2024
FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management Unit - Federal Compliance and Audit Management Section
3

Contract # 25C

    

PART II:



STATE FUNDED

This part is applicable if the recipient is a nonstate entity as defined by section 215.97(1)(n), Florida Statutes.
1.

If a recipient expends a total amount of state financial assistance equal to or in excess of $750,000 in any
fiscal year of such recipient (for fiscal years ending June 30, 2017 or thereafter), recipient must have a
State single or project-specific audit for such fiscal year in accordance with section 215.97, Florida Statutes;
applicable rules of the Department of Financial Services; Chapter 10.550 (local governmental entities) or
Chapter 10.650 (nonprofit and for-profit organizations), Rules of the Auditor General. EXHIBIT I to this
contract indicates state financial assistance awarded through the Department of Health by this contract. In
determining the state financial assistance expended in its fiscal year, recipient shall consider all sources of
state financial assistance, including state financial assistance received from the Department of Health, other
state agencies, and other nonstate entities. State financial assistance does not include Federal direct or
pass-through awards and resources received by a nonstate entity for Federal program matching
requirements.

2.

In connection with the audit requirements addressed in Part II, paragraph 1, recipient shall ensure that the
audit complies with the requirements of section 215.97(8), Florida Statutes. This includes submission of a
financial reporting package as defined by section 215.97(2), Florida Statutes, and Chapter 10.550 (local
governmental entities) or Chapter 10.650 (nonprofit and for-profit organizations), Rules of the Auditor
General.

3.

If a recipient expends less than $750,000 in state financial assistance in its fiscal year (for fiscal years
ending June 30, ,2017 or thereafter), an audit conducted in accordance with the provisions of section
215.97, Florida Statutes, is not required. In the event that a recipient expends less than $750,000 in state
financial assistance in its fiscal year and elects to have an audit conducted in accordance with the provisions
of section 215.97, Florida Statutes, the cost of the audit must be paid from the nonstate entity’s resources
(i.e., the cost of such an audit must be paid from recipient resources obtained from other than state funds).

Note: An audit conducted in accordance with this part shall cover the entire organization for the organization’s fiscal year.
Compliance findings related to contracts with the Department of Health shall be based on the contract’s requirements,
including any applicable rules, regulations, or statutes. The financial statements shall disclose whether the matching
requirement was met for each applicable contract. All questioned costs and liabilities due to the Department of Health shall
be fully disclosed in the audit report with reference to the Department of Health contract involved. If not otherwise disclosed
as required by Florida Administrative Code Rule 69I-5.003, the schedule of expenditures of state financial assistance shall
identify expenditures by contract number for each contract with the Department of Health in effect during the audit period.
Financial reporting packages required under this part must be submitted within 45 days after delivery of the audit report, but
no later than 9 months after recipient’s fiscal year end for local governmental entities. Non-profit or for-profit organizations
are required to be submitted within 45 days after delivery of the audit report, but no later than 9 months after recipient’s fiscal
year end. Notwithstanding the applicability of this portion, the Department of Health retains all right and obligation to
monitor and oversee the performance of this contract as outlined throughout this document and pursuant to law.

Revised 10.2024
FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management Unit - Federal Compliance and Audit Management Section
3

Contract # 25C

    

PART III:



OTHER AUDIT REQUIREMENTS

This part is applicable to a contractor, vendor and/or provider organization serving as a third-party administrator on
behalf of FDOH programs and is classified or determined in the FDOH contract agreement to be a Service
Organization (SO).
If the contracted entity is determined to be a Service Organization (SO), the entity must perform an attestation to
the System Organization Controls (SOC) and submit to FDOH a “Statement on Standards for Attestation
Engagements (SSAE18) audit report within the assigned timeframe as agreed upon in the SO’s contract agreement.
The hired Auditor must make an evaluation consistent with the FDOH contract terms and conditions to determine
which SSAE18 report types to perform for the required SOC types. Below are the options available for the SSAE18
reports;

TYPES:
1.

SOC 1 – A report on controls over financial reporting.
¾

Type 1 Report - Report on the fairness of the presentation of management’s description of the
service organization’s system and the suitability of the design of the controls to achieve the
related control objectives included in the description as of a specified date.

¾

Type 2 Report - Report on the fairness of the presentation of management’s description
of the service organization’s system and the suitability of the design and operating
effectiveness of the controls to achieve the related control objectives included in the description
throughout a specified period. (Auditor conducts testing)

2.

SOC 2 – A report on controls that may be relevant to security, availability, processing Integrity,
confidentiality or privacy. These reports are intended to meet the needs of a broad range of users that
need detailed information and assurance about the controls at a service organization relevant to security,
availability, and processing integrity of the systems the service organization uses to process users’ data
and the confidentiality and privacy of the information processed by these systems. These reports can play
an important role in:
x
x
x
x

Oversight of the organization
Vendor management programs
Internal corporate governance and risk management processes
Regulatory oversight
¾

Type 1 Report - Report on the fairness of the presentation of management’s description of the
service organization’s system and the suitability of the design of the controls to achieve the
related control objectives included in the description as of a specified date.

¾ Type 2 Report - Report on the fairness of the presentation of management’s description of the
service organization’s system and the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of
the controls to achieve the related control objectives included in the description throughout a
specified period. (Auditor conducts testing)

Revised October 1, 2024
FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management - Federal Compliance and Audit Management (FCAM) SectionContract # 25C
3

    

PART IV:
1.



REPORT SUBMISSION

Copies of single audit reporting packages for state financial assistance (CSFA) and federal financial assistance
(CFDA) conducted in accordance with 2 CFR § 200.512 and section 215.97(2), Florida Statutes, shall be
submitted by or on behalf of recipient electronically to the Federal and the FDOH Single Audit Clearinghouse
website addresses below:
A. The Department of Health, Single Audit Clearinghouse (SAC) website portal:

SAC Submission (https://fdohsac.azurewebsites.net/)
Pursuant to 2 CFR § 200.521, and section 215.97(2), Florida Statutes, recipient shall submit a complete
audit report package and any management letter issued by an auditor electronically to the Department.
Audits must be submitted in accordance with the instructions set forth in Exhibit 3 hereto and
accompanied by the “Single Audit Data Collection Form, Exhibit 4.” Absent of electronic submission
capability or during system maintenance or downtime, prior approval can be obtained to submit report
package via email to SingleAudits@flhealth.gov or on an approved electronic storage medium via mail
to:
Florida Department of Health
Contracts and Grants Management Unit
Attention: FCAM, Single Audit Review
4052 Bald Cypress Way, Bin B01
Tallahassee, FL 32399-1701.
B. The Federal Audit Clearinghouse (FAC), the Internet Data Entry System (IDES) is the place to submit the
Federal single audit reporting package, including form SF-SAC, for Federal programs. Single audit submission
is required under the Single Audit Act of 1984 (amended in 1996) and 2 CFR § 200.36 and § 200.512. The
Federal Audit Clearinghouse requires electronic submissions as the only accepted method for report
compliances. FAC’s website address is:
https://harvester.census.gov/facweb/
C. The Florida Auditor General’s Office:
One electronic copy email by or on behalf of recipient directly to the Auditor General’s Office at:
flaudgen_localgovt@aud.state.fl.us.
2.

In addition to item 1, electronic copies of reporting packages for federal financial assistance (ALN formerly, CFDA)
conducted in accordance with 2 CFR § 200.512 shall also be submitted by or on behalf of recipient directly to each
funded passed through entity:
A. When applicable, and/or other Federal agencies in accordance with 2 CFR §200.331 and § 200.517.

3.

Copies of SSAE18 reports and supporting documents shall be submitted by or on behalf of SO/Third Party
Administrator directly to the FDOH designated Contract Manager (CM) as outlined in each SO contract agreement.

Note: Any reports, management letter, or other information required to be submitted to the Department of Health pursuant to this
contract shall be submitted timely in accordance with 2 CFR § 200.512 and Florida Statutes, Chapter 10.550 (local governmental
entities) or Chapter 10.650 (nonprofit and for-profit organizations), Rules of the Auditor General, as applicable.
Recipients, when submitting financial reporting packages to the Department of Health for audits done in accordance with 2 CFR §
500.512 or Chapter 10.550 (local governmental entities) or Chapter 10.650 (nonprofit and for-profit organizations), Rules of the
Auditor General, should indicate the date that the reporting package was delivered to recipient in correspondence accompanying the
reporting package.

Revised October 1, 2024
FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management - Federal Compliance and Audit Management (FCAM) Section
3

Contract # 25C

    

PART V:



RECORD RETENTION

Recipient shall retain sufficient records demonstrating its compliance with the terms of this contract for a period of six years
from the date the audit report is issued and shall allow the Department of Health or its designee, the CFO, or the Auditor
General access to such records upon request. Recipient shall ensure that audit working papers are made available to the
Department of Health, or its designee, CFO, or Auditor General upon request for a period of six years from the date the
audit report is issued, unless extended in writing by the Department of Health.
End of Text

Revised October 1, 2024
FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management - Federal Compliance and Audit Management (FCAM) Section Contract # 25&


    



EXHIBIT 1
Contract #: _______________
Federal Award Identification #:_______________________________________________________
1.

FEDERAL RESOURCES AWARDED TO THE SUBRECIPIENT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT CONSIST OF THE
FOLLOWING:

Federal Agency 1______________________ ALN# ________Title_________________________$______________
Federal Agency 2 ______________________ALN# ________Title_________________________$______________
TOTAL FEDERAL AWARDS

$_____________

COMPLIANCE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO THE FEDERAL RESOURCES AWARDED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT
ARE AS FOLLOWS:
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
2.

STATE RESOURCES AWARDED TO THE RECIPIENT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT CONSIST OF THE
FOLLOWING:

State financial assistance subject to section 215.97, Florida Statutes: CSFA# _64130_____Title_Endowed Chair for Cancer Research
_____________________
$729,391.00
COMPLIANCE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO STATE RESOURCES AWARDED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT ARE AS
FOLLOWS:
All direct costs must be specifically and directly related to the project, necessary for the project’s completion, adequately justified, and
made during the active grant period. Any other costs are disallowed. Additionally, the following items shall NOT be paid for with grant
funds: Florida Department of Health personnel salary, construction, renovation, or remodeling, international travel (including Canada),
vehicles, entertainment, employment subsidies, dues/membership fees, lobbying, meals/food (other than as part of travel costs),
malpractice insurance premiums.
State financial assistance not subject (exempt) to section 215.97, Florida Statutes:

$______________

$______________
State financial assistance not subject (exempt) to section 215.97, Florida Statutes:
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________
Matching and Maintenance of Effort *
State Matching resources for federal award(s):
Agency: _________________________ALN#_________Title___________________________________

$______________

State Maintenance of Effort (MOE) for federal program(s):
Agency: _________________________ALN#_________Title___________________________________

$______________

*Matching Resources are subject to Federal single audit and shall be included by recipient when computing the threshold for Federal
single audit requirements totals. These amounts shall also be included under notes in the financial audit or footnoted in the Schedule of
Expenditures of Federal Awards. **Whereas MOE Resources awarded as state financial assistance are subject to Florida single audit
and shall be included by recipient when computing the threshold for Florida single audit requirements totals under section 215.97, Florida
Statutes and included in the Schedule of Expenditures of State Awards (SESA).

Revised October 1, 2024
FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management - Federal Compliance and Audit Management (FCAM) Section
4

Contract # 25C

    



EXHIBIT 2
PART I:

AUDIT RELATIONSHIP DETERMINATION

Recipients who receive state or federal resources may or may not be subject to the audit requirements of 2 CFR § 200.500, and/or section
215.97, Florida Statutes, recipients who are determined to be recipients or subrecipients of federal awards and/or state financial
assistance may be subject to the audit requirements if the audit threshold requirements set forth in Part I and/or Part II of Exhibit 1 is met.
Recipients who have been determined to be vendors are not subject to the audit requirements of 2 CFR § 200.501, and/or section 215.97,
Florida Statutes. Recipients who are “higher education entities” as defined in Section 215.97(2)(h), Florida Statutes, and are recipients
or subrecipients of state financial assistance, are also exempt from the audit requirements of Section 215.97(2)(a), Florida Statutes.
Regardless of whether the audit requirements are met, recipients who have been determined to be recipients or subrecipients of Federal
awards and/or state financial assistance must comply with applicable programmatic and fiscal compliance requirements.
For the purpose of single audit compliance requirements, the Recipient has been determined to be:

_____Vendor/Contractor not subject to 2 CFR § 200.501 and/or section 215.97, Florida Statutes
_____ Recipient/subrecipient subject to 2 CFR § 200.501and/or section 215.97, Florida Statutes
_____ Exempt organization not subject to 2 CFR § 200.501; For Federal awards for-profit subrecipient organizations are exempt as
specified in 2 CFR § 200.501(h).
__X___ Exempt organization not subject to section 215.97, Florida Statutes, for state financial assistance projects, public universities,
community colleges, district school boards, branches of state (Florida) government, and charter schools are exempt. Exempt
organizations must comply with all compliance requirements set forth within the contract.
For other audit requirements, the Recipient has been determined to be:

_____ Service Organization (SO) subject to SSAE18 reporting requirements
NOTE: If a recipient is determined to be a recipient/subrecipient of federal and/or state financial assistance and has been approved by
the department to subcontract, it must comply with section 215.97(7), Florida Statutes, and Florida Administrative Code Rule 69I-.5006,
[state financial assistance] and 2 CFR § 200.330 [federal awards].
PART II:

FISCAL COMPLIANCE REQUIREMENTS

FEDERAL AWARDS OR STATE MATCHING FUNDS ON FEDERAL AWARDS. Recipients who receive Federal awards, state
maintenance of effort funds, or state matching funds on Federal awards and who are determined to be a subrecipient must comply with
the following fiscal laws, rules and regulations:

1.
2.
3.

2 CFR Part 200- Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards
Reference Guide for State Expenditures
Other fiscal requirements set forth in program laws, rules, and regulations.

*Some Federal programs may be exempted from compliance with the Cost Principles Circulars as noted in the 2 CFR § 200.401(5)
(c). In all instances, Recipients are required to follow the FDOH agreement terms and conditions, and the Federal passed through
agency’s grant guidance under 2 CFR, Subtitle B for additional citations.
STATE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE. Recipients who receive state financial assistance and who are determined to be a
recipient/subrecipient must comply with the following fiscal laws, rules and regulations:

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Section 215.97, Florida Statutes
Florida Administrative Code Chapter 69I-5,
State Projects Compliance Supplement
Reference Guide for State Expenditures
Other fiscal requirements set forth in program laws, rules and regulations.

This document and other FDOH instructions may be obtained online through the FL Health website under Audit Guidance. *Enumeration
of laws, rules and regulations herein is not exhaustive or exclusive. Funding to recipients will be held to applicable legal requirements
whether or not outlined herein.

End of Text

Revised October 1, 2024
FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management - Federal Compliance and Audit Management (FCAM) Section
4

Contract # 25C

    



EXHIBIT 3
INSTRUCTIONS FOR ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION
OF SINGLE AUDIT REPORTS

Part I:

Submission to FDOH

Single Audit reporting packages (“SARP”) must be submitted to the Department in an electronic format. This change will eliminate the
need to submit multiple copies of the reporting package to the Contract Managers and various sections within the Department and will
result in efficiencies and cost savings to recipient and the Department. Upon receipt, the SARP’s will be posted to a secure server and
accessible to Department staff.
The electronic copy of the SARP should:
¾

Be in a Portable Document Format (PDF).

¾

Include the appropriate letterhead and signatures in the reports and management letters.
Be a single document. However, if the financial audit is issued separately from the Single Audit reports, the
financial audit reporting package may be submitted as a single document and the Single Audit reports may be
submitted electronically as a single document to the FDOH SAC website address: fdohsac.azurewebsites.net

¾

Be an exact copy of the final, signed SARP provided by the Independent Audit firm.

¾

Not have security settings applied to the electronic file.

¾

Be named using the following convention under the CPA’s issued license number: [fiscal year] [name of the audited entity exactly
as stated within the audit report].pdf. For example, if the SARP is for the 2016-17 fiscal year for the City of Gainesville, the
document should be entitled 2016 City of Gainesville.pdf.

¾

Be accompanied by the attached “Single Audit Data Collection Form.” This document is necessary to ensure that
communications related to SARP issues are directed to the appropriate individual(s) and that compliance with Single Audit
requirements is properly captured.

Questions regarding electronic submissions may be submitted via e-mail to SingleAudits@flhealth.gov or by telephone to the
Single Audit Review Section at (850) 245-4520.

Part II:

Submission to Federal Audit Clearinghouse

Click Here for instructions and guidance to submit the completed SF-SAC report to the Federal Audit Clearinghouse website or click Here
to access the SF-SAC Worksheet & Single Audit Component Checklist Form.

Part III:

Submission to Florida Auditor General

Click Here for questions and other instructions for submitting Single SAC reports to the State of Florida, Auditor General’s Office

Revised October 1, 2024
FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management - Federal Compliance and Audit Management (FCAM) Section
4

Contract # 25C

    



EXHIBIT 4

Single Audit Data Collection Form
Part 1: GENERAL INFORMATION
1. Fiscal period ending date for the Single Audit.
Month

Day
/

2. Auditee Identification Number
a. Primary Employer Identification Number (EIN)

Year
/

-b. Are multiple EINs covered in this report Yes No
c. If “yes”, complete No. 3.

3.

ADDITIONAL ENTITIES COVERED IN THIS REPORT

Name of Entity

Employer Identification #
-----

___________________________________________________
___________________________________________________
___________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________

4. AUDITEE INFORMATON

5. PRIMARY AUDITOR INFORMATION

a. Auditee name:
Auditee Primary DUNS#:
b. Auditee address (number and street)

a. Primary auditor name:

City
State

City
State

b. Primary auditor address (number and street)

Zip Code

Zip Code

c. Auditee contact
Name:
_________________________________________________
Title:
_________________________________________________
d. Auditee contact telephone
(
)
_________________________________________________
e. Auditee contact FAX
(
)
_________________________________________________

c. Primary auditor contact
Name:
_____________________________________________________
Title:
_____________________________________________________
d. Primary auditor contact telephone
(
)
_____________________________________________________
e. Primary auditor E-mail
(
)
_____________________________________________________

f. Auditee contact E-mail
_________________________________________________

f. Audit Firm License Number
_____________________________________________________

6. AUDITEE CERTIFICATION STATEMENT – This is to certify that, to the best of
my knowledge and belief, the auditee has: (1) engaged an auditor to perform
an audit in accordance with the provisions of 2 CFR § 200. 512 and/or section
215.97, Florida Statutes, for the period described in Item 1; (2) the auditor has
completed such audit and presented a signed audit report which states that the
audit was conducted in accordance with the aforementioned Circular and/or
Statute; (3) the attached audit is a true and accurate copy of the final audit
report issued by the auditor for the period described in Item 1; and (4) the
information included in this data collection form is accurate and complete. I
declare the foregoing is true and correct.

AUDITEE CERTIFICATION

Date _____/_____/______

Date Audit Received from Auditor: _______/ _______/ ________
Name of Certifying Official: ______________________________________
(Please print clearly)
Title of Certifying Official: ________________________________________
(Please print clearly)
Signature of Certifying Official: __________________________

Revised October 1, 2024
FDOH, Contracts and Grants Management - Federal Compliance and Audit Management (FCAM) Section
4

Contract # 2&

$

-

$

35,000.00

$

35,000.00

port
$
COST
OTAL: $

-

$

988,322.00

$

988,322.00

-

$

1,738,204.00

$

1,738,204.00

nt:

$

-

$

260,731.00

$

260,731.00

OTAL: $

-

$

1,998,935.00

$

1,998,935.00

FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH
Signature of
Authorized Official

ecialist III

Name:

Bridgette Morton

Title:

Deputy Director, Public Health Resea
Biomedical Research Section

Date:

re proposed project cost broken down by category and state fiscal year (July 1–June 3

r of columns above as appropriate for the term of your grant award.
the award amount and should be rounded to the nearest whole dollar amount.

lowable on Fiscal Year Two and forward, not to exceed 3%. Please note, a standard st
ive.
ered, combined, or revised.

ect Cost (MTDC): Hard enter the total for each fiscal year. Formulas will calculate the in
unt. Excluded costs should be clearly identified on the Budget Narrative.

ore than 15% of the direct costs or MTDC requested. Indirect cost should be reflected a
ry not to exceed 15 % of the direct cost.
e, include a description of the items or types of items to be purchased. Do not include c

Department



$WWDFKPHQW9,

Airline

Motel

Dep. Flight

Confirm

Time

Ret. Flight

Rate

Division

Time

Nights

Official Headquarters

Signed:

Approved by Supervisor:

4

I hereby certify that travel as shown above is to be incurred in connection with official business of the State

Comments:

TOTAL ESTIMATED COST FOR TRIP

Airline

Motel

Total Estimated Per Diem:
Registration Fee:
Car

Conference or convention travel: Explanation of benefits accruing to the State of Florida

Destination:

Purpose of Trip:

Authorization to Incur Travel Expenses

State of Florida

Name

    

Date

Cost

Cost

Departure Time

Departure Date

&RQWUDFW&

Approved- Agency Head

Return Time

Return Date

Date

Date

Trip
Number

Total Days

-

$

-

Total

Total

Agency Voucher No.

med by me, and that this voucher conforms in every respect with the requirements of

Pursuant to Section 112.061 (3) (a), Florida Statutes, I hereby certify or affirm
the travel was on official business of the State of Florida and was for the purp

NET AMOUNT DUE THE STATE

NET AMOUNT DUE TRAVELER

-

Statewide Doc. No.

$

LESS NON-REIMBURSABLE ITEMS INCLUDED ON PURCHASING

-

Mi.
44.5 ¢ Mi.

0

Warrant Date

$

Total

Column

LESS CLASS C MEALS (Officers/Employees Only)

LESS ADVANCE RECEIVED

$

Column

Column

Warrant No.

Advance:

bursement is true and correct in every material matter; that the travel expenses were actually
duties; that per diem claimed has been appropriately reduced by any meals or lodging included

nvention)

GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
Breakfast --- when travel begins before 6 a.m. and extends beyond 8 a
Lunch -------- when travel begins before 12 Noon and extends beyond
Dinner ------- when travel begins before 6 p.m. and extends beyond 8 p
occurs during night-time hours due to special assignment

Description of Item Acquired

n Purchasing Card" and the above "Non-reimbursable Items" section of "State of Florida Purchasing Card Charges" section above must be completed.
ized rate for each quarter or fraction thereof. Travel over a period of 24 hours or more will be calculated on the basis of 6-hour cycles,
be calculated on the basis of 6-hour cycles, beginning at the hour of departure from official headquarters. Hour of depature and hour of return should be shown for
ce columns should not be used. Claims for actual lodging at single occupancy rate plus meal allowances should be put in the "Per Diem
e appropriate meal allowances in the "Meals for Class A & B Travel" column. Claims for meals allowance involving travel that did not require the traveler to be away
he "Class C Meals" column. Vicinity travel must appear in the separate column. When travel is by common carrier and billed directly to the traveler, the amount and
es" column. A copy of the ticket or invoice should be attached to this form. If travel is by common carrier and billed directly to the State agency, then the "Travel
tion above should be completed. If travel is by common carrier and the carrier is paid by the use of the State of Florida Purchasing Card, then the "State of Florida
completed. The name of the common carrier should be inserted in the "Map Mileage Claimed" column in these instances. Justification must be provided for use of
rates than the contract airline) or rental car (or one having lower net rate) when contract carriers are available. Additionally, justification must be provided for use of a
formed by the use of a State-owned vehicle, the word "State" should be inserted in the "Map Mileage Claimed" column on the reverse side of this form, and the
ommon Carrier or State Vehicle" should be completed. If lodging is paid by the use of the State of Florida Purchasing Card, the words "Purchasing Card" should

State of Florida Purchasing Card. Inadvertent non-reimbursable charges are to be deducted from the travel reimbursement claimed on the reverse side of this form

travel is confined to the city or town of official headquarters or immediate vicinity except assignments of official business outside the traveler's regular place of
d and such special approval is noted on the travel voucher. Rate of Per Diem and Meals shall be those prescribed by Section 112.061, Florida Statutes.

re away from official headquarters.
ours which involves overnight absence from official headquarters.
he traveler is not away from his official headquarters overnight.

ar on the line "Less Non-Reimbursable Items Included on Purchasing Card" on the reverse side of this form.)

Merchant/Vendor

THIS SECTION REQUIRED TO BE COMPLETED ONLY WHEN NON-REIMBURSEABLE ITEMS WERE PURCHASED USING THE STATE OF FLORIDA PURCHASING CARD

STATE OF FLORIDA PURCHASING CARD CHARGES
THIS SECTION REQUIRED TO BE COMPLETED ONLY WHEN TRAVEL RELATED EXPENSES ARE PAID BY USING THE STATE OF FLORIDA PURCHASING CARD
Merchant/Vendor
Description of Item Acquired

