UCF Reference # GR110893
RESEARCH SUBAWARD AGREEMENT
Between
THE UNIVERSITY OF CENTRAL FLORIDA BOARD OF TRUSTEES
and
ADVENTIST HEALTH SYSTEM/SUNBELT, INC. DBA ADVENTHEALTH ORLANDO
This Research Agreement (hereinafter “Agreement”) made and entered into by and between The University of Central
Florida Board of Trustees (hereinafter referred to as “UCF”) Adventist Health System/Sunbelt, Inc. dba AdventHealth
Orlando (“SUBCONTRACTOR”) (individually, “Party”, or collectively, “Parties”).
The terms of this Agreement are intended to provide the administrative framework for the Parties to cooperate in the
performance of this project. SUBCONTRACTOR shall perform the Statement of Work (“SOW”) as outlined in Appendix
A.
It is understood this is a Subcontract under UCF’s prime award from Florida Department of Health (hereinafter referred
to as “Prime”), Grant/Contract Number 25C35, for the project titled “MammoChat: An AI-Driven Platform for Personalized
Breast Cancer Patient Support” which is hereby incorporated by reference and attached as Appendix B.
1.

STATEMENT OF WORK

SUBCONTRACTOR shall make all reasonable efforts to conduct its work under this Agreement as outlined in the SOW,
set forth in Appendix A and incorporated herein by reference.
2.

PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE

This period of performance began upon 9/16/2025 and shall not extend beyond 8/31/2026 unless the period is extended
by modification of this Agreement. The budget period began upon 9/16/2025 and shall not extend beyond 8/31/2026
unless the budget period is extended by modification of this Agreement.
3.

FINANCIAL SUPPORT

This is a cost reimbursable Agreement in a sum not to exceed $69,000.00 . Serially numbered invoices from
SUBCONTRACTOR shall be sent no more than monthly and no less than quarterly within thirty (30) calendar days of the
end of the calendar quarter. UCF reserves the right to reject any invoice that is not compliant. The invoices shall contain:
a. Name of subcontractor
b. UCF Reference #
c. Date of invoice
d. Invoice number
e. Period of performance covered by invoice
f. Cost Categories
g. Costs incurred and allowable under the Agreement
h. Cumulative invoice amount (including cost share and program income)
i. Certification as to truth and accuracy of invoice
Submit Invoices to:

4.

University of Central Florida
Contracts and Grants
PO Box 160118
Orlando, FL 32816-0118
Email: Subvendor@ucf.edu

ADMINISTRATIVE CONSIDERATION

The SUBCONTRACTOR, as a recipient of State of Florida financial assistance, must comply with the following fiscal laws,
rules, and regulations:
a. Section 215.97, Florida Statutes
b. Florida Administrative Code Chapter 69 1-5,
c. State Projects Compliance Supplement

Page 1

d. Reference Guide for State Expenditures
e. Other fiscal requirements set forth in program laws, rules, and regulations
These documents and other Prime instructions may be obtained online through the Florida Department of Health website
under Audit Guidance. Enumeration of laws, rules, and regulations herein is not exhaustive or exclusive. Funding to
SUBCONTRACTOR will be held to applicable legal requirements whether or not outlined herein.
SUBCONTRACTOR must return to UCF any overpayment of Agreement funds related to disallowed expenditures, funds
unaccounted for due to non-submission of required deliverables, or other unused funds at the end of the Agreement term.
If SUBCONTRACTOR or its independent auditor identifies that an overpayment has been made, SUBCONTRACTOR
must repay the overpayment within 30 calendar days of the Agreement end date. If UCF or Prime first discovers an
overpayment has been made, UCF will notify SUBCONTRACTOR in writing of such a finding. Should repayment not be
made in the time specified by UCF, SUBCONTRACTOR may withhold the amount of the overpayment from any future
payments under this or any other Agreement. This provision will not be a limitation on any remedies at law or equity
available to UCF.
5.

ADMINISTRATIVE PERSONNEL

University of Central Florida Board of Trustees
Principal Investigator:
Dr. Jane Gibson
College of Medicine
6850 Lake Nona Blvd.
Orlando, FL 32827
Phone: 407.266.1000
Email: Jane.Gibson@ucf.edu
Contractual:
Subawards
UCF Office of Research
3100 Technology Parkway Suite 201
Orlando, FL 32826-3281
Phone: (407)-822-0155
Fax: (407)-823-3299
Email: Subwards@ucf.edu
6.

Adventist Health System/Sunbelt, Inc. dba AdventHealth
Orlando
Technical: Alyssa Tanaka
<Insert Street Address>
<Insert City, State, Zip>
Phone: <Insert Phone Number>
Email: <Insert email address>
UEI: K3YFW6S3YQ67
Contractual:
Name
Address
City, State, Zip
Phone:
Fax: <insert fax>
Email:

AUDIT

6.1
SUBCONTRACTOR shall establish and maintain books, records, and documents in accordance with generally
accepted accounting procedures and practices, which sufficiently and properly reflect all revenues and expenditures of
funds provided by UCF under this Agreement.
6.2
SUBCONTRACTOR shall retain financial records, supporting documents, statistical records and any other
documents pertinent to this Agreement for a period of six (6) years after termination of this Agreement, or if an audit has
been initiated and audit findings have not been resolved at the end of six (6) years, the records must be retained until
resolution of the audit findings or any litigation which may be based on the terms of this Agreement. SUBCONTRACTOR
will retain sufficient records demonstrating its complicate with the terms of this Agreement for a period of six (6) years
from the date an audit report is issued and shall allow UCF, Prime or its designee, the State of Florida’s Chief Financial
Officer (CFO), or the Auditor General access to such records upon request. SUBCONTRACTOR shall ensure that audit
working papers are made available to UCF, Prime or its designee, the CFO, or the Auditor General for a period of six (6)
years from the date the audit report is issued, unless extended in writing by UCF or Prime.
6.3
Upon completion of or termination of this Agreement and at the request of UCF, SUBCONTRACTOR, at its
expense, shall cooperate with UCF in the duplication and transfer of any said records or documents during the required
retention period as specified in Article 6.2, above.
6.4
Persons duly authorized by UCF, Prime, and federal auditors, pursuant to 2. C.F.R. section 200.337, as revised
will have full access to and the right to examine any of SUBCONTRACTOR’s records and documents related to this
Agreement, regardless of the form in which kept, at all reasonable times for a long as records are retained.

Page 2

Commented [RB1]: AdventHealth: Please verify and fill out this
section

6.5 SUBCONTRACTOR agrees to provide such records, papers, and documents, outlined in Articles 6.1 through 6.4
above, to UCF within seven (7) business days after the request is made in accordance with section 216.1366, Florida
Statutes.
6.6
SUBCONTRACTOR shall perform the required financial and compliance audits in accordance with the Uniform
Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards, 2. C.F.R. Part 200 as revised,
subpart F and section 215.97, Florida Statutes, as applicable and conform with the following requirements:
a.

b.

SUBCONTRACTOR shall maintain separate accounting of revenues and expenditures of funds under this
Agreement in accordance with generally accepted accounting practices and procedures. Expenditures that
support SUBCONTRACTOR activities not solely authorized under this Agreement must be allocated in
accordance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations and the allocation methodology must be documented
and supported by competent evidence.
SUBCONTRACTOR shall maintain sufficient documentation of all expenditures incurred (e.g. invoices,
canceled checks, payroll detail, bank statements, etc.) under this Agreement which evidences that
expenditures are:
I.
Allowable under the Agreement and applicable laws, rules, and regulations;
II.
Reasonable; and
III.
Necessary for SUBCONTRACTOR to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

6.7
All documentation required by Article 6.6 is subject to review by UCF, Prime, and CFO. SUBCONTRACTOR
must timely comply with any requests for documentation.
6.8
Monitoring: SUBCONTRACTOR shall permit persons duly authorized by UCF and Prime to inspect any records,
papers, documents, facilities, goods, and services of SUBCONTRACTOR, which are relevant to this Agreement, and
interview any clients and employees of SUBCONTRACTOR to assure the UCF and Prime of satisfactory performance of
the terms and conditions of this Agreement. UCF and Prime must be permitted access to such records only as authorized
or permitted by federal law and the laws of the state of Florida. Following such inspection, UCF will deliver to
SUBCONTRACTOR a list of its comments regarding the way said goods or services are being provided.
SUBCONTRACTOR will rectify all noted deficiencies within the specified period set forth in the comments or provide the
UCF with a reasonable and acceptable justification, as determined by Prime, for not correcting the noted shortcomings.
SUBCONTRACTOR's failure to correct or justify within the time specified will result in the withholding of payments, being
deemed in breach or default, or termination of this Agreement.
7.

PUBLICATIONS, PRESENTATIONS, REPORTS, AND SPONSORSHIP

7.1 Any publications, presentations, patents, printed report, materials designed for use by the general public (e.g.
educational pamphlets), or resulting research finding related to this Agreement must acknowledge the appropriate funding
source “Florida Department of Health, Public Health Research, Biomedical Research Program”.
7.2 SUBCONTRACTOR must notify UCF of all publications, peer-reviewed journal articles, presentations, patents, printed
reports, materials designed for use by the general public, and research finding as a result of this Agreement both during
the Agreement period and for a period of six (6) years after the Agreement ends.
7.3 SUBCONTRACTOR shall provide UCF with a copy of any proposed publications, peer-reviewed journal articles,
presentations, patents, printed report, materials designed for use by the general public at least thirty (30) calendar days
in advance of submission to allow UCF an opportunity to review the presentation or publication for UCF’s confidential
information, trade secrets or material which would adversely affect or limit UCF’s ability to assert or protect any Intellectual
Property rights. UCF will complete its review and provide SUBCONTRACTOR with any objections within thirty (30)
calendar days of presentation. In the absence of timely objection, SUBCONTRACTOR shall be free to proceed without
restriction. In the event of an objection, the Parties will negotiate in good faith the removal of the objectionable material.
If research is to be presented at a conference, the presentation, poster, and abstract should be submitted to UCF. If the
presentation is scientific, a summary should be developed and submitted that can be understood by and provided to the
public.
7.4 SUBCONTRACTOR must provide any best practices, innovative therapies, and protocols developed with Agreement
funds and describe how they will be shared with the public.

Page 3

7.5 Return on Investment surveys may be sent to SUBCONTRACTOR for completion to measure the long-term impact
of this Agreement.
7.6 As required by section 286.25, Florida Statutes, if SUBCONTRACTOR is a non-governmental organization that
sponsors a program financed wholly or in part by state funds, including any funds obtained through the Agreement, it will,
in publicizing, advertising, or describing the sponsorship of the program, state: “Sponsored by Columbia University and
the State of Florida, Department of Health.” If the sponsorship reference is in written material, the words “State of Florida,
Department of Health” will appear in at least the same size letters or type as the SUBCONTRACTOR’s name
8.

EQUIPMENT

No equipment is approved for purchase under this Agreement.
9.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, AND ROYALTIES

“Intellectual Property” means individually and collectively all inventions, improvements and/or discoveries, patentable or
unpatentable, copyrightable or uncopyrightable, including but not limited to mask works, computer software, both object
and source code, data, data bases and works of authorship.
As between the Parties, Intellectual Property developed solely by a Party shall be solely and exclusively owned by that
Party. “Joint Intellectual Property” means any Intellectual Property developed jointly by SUBCONTRACTOR and UCF
under this Agreement. Joint Intellectual Property will be owned jointly by SUBCONTRACTOR and UCF, who agree to
jointly determine proper inventorship, authorship, and ownership subject to Title 35 of the United States Code for
inventions and Title 17 of the United States Code for works of authorship.
“Background Intellectual Property” means Intellectual Property which was in existence prior to the period of performance
of this Agreement, or which is created or developed by a Party outside the course of conducting work outlined in Appendix
A of this Agreement. The Parties agree that Background Intellectual Property of SUBCONTRACTOR and UCF is their
separate property, respectively, and is not affected by this Agreement. Neither Party shall acquire any claims to or rights
in the Background Intellectual Property of the other Party by this Agreement or performance hereunder.
Nothing in this Agreement shall circumvent or restrict either Party’s pre-existing obligations with the United States
government pertaining to any kind of Intellectual Property, including but not limited to such pre-existing obligations
contained in grants, contracts and other types of agreements or arrangements between either Party and the U.S.
government. These obligations may include granting licenses to the U.S. government for certain Intellectual Property
which is being developed.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, UCF shall retain the right to practice any Intellectual
Property developed hereunder for its own academic, non-commercial research and teaching purposes.
SUBCONTRACTOR must notify UCF of any intellectual property developed or being developed as part of this Agreement
by the end of the Agreement term. SUBCONTRACTOR grants UCF and the state of Florida an irrevocable, nonexclusive,
and royalty-free license to use all intellectual property developed under this Agreement for the complete lifetime of the
intellectual property rights.
SUBCONTRACTOR agrees that any work, invention, discovery, or development resulting from this Agreement shall be
subject to public domain, and not be subject to patents, trademarks, and/or copyrights that could result in financial gain
to SUBCONTRACTOR without prior approval from UCF.
SUBCONTRACTOR agrees that any results or outcomes are shared publicly to further Florida's research agenda.
10. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
It is not anticipated that confidential information will be disclosed during the performance of this project. Should it be
necessary for either Party to receive confidential information, the disclosing Party agrees to label in writing at the time of
delivery that such information is confidential, or if given orally, reduce to writing, clearly marked as confidential, and
delivered within thirty (30) calendar days of the oral disclosure. The receiving Party and its personnel agree to safeguard

Page 4

the confidential information to the same extent it safeguards its own. The Parties’ technical representatives are
responsible for initiating a Confidential Disclosure Agreement if applicable and forwarding it to the contractual
representatives for execution. Confidential information does not include information that is:
a.
b.
c.
d.

already known to the receiving Party at the time of disclosure as evidenced by written record; or
generally available to the public or becomes available to the public through no fault of the receiving Party
as evidenced by written record; or
developed independently of and without reference to the confidential information as evidenced by written
record; or
received from a third party who had a legal right to disclose such information without restriction as
evidenced by written record.

If required by applicable law, regulation, or judicial, administrative or legislative order, the receiving Party may disclose
the confidential information it receives hereunder to comply with such requirement, provided that (a) the receiving Party
shall, to the extent permitted by law, promptly notify the disclosing Party so that the disclosing Party may contact such
disclosure, and (b) the receiving Party shall limit the scope of such disclosure to only such portion of the confidential
information that is legally required to disclose.
Upon written request of the disclosing Party, the receiving Party shall promptly return all confidential information of the
disclosing Party, together with all copies thereof provided, however, that the receiving Party may retain one (1) copy of
the confidential information solely for its legal and archival purposes.
The confidentiality obligations set forth in this provision shall survive for a period of three (3) years from the Effective Date.
Notwithstanding anything to the contract in this provision, any inventions disclosed under this Agreement shall be
considered confidential information, whether labeled or not.
11. HUMAN SUBJECTS
11.1 SUBCONTRACTOR must comply with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations, including 45 CFR 46,
45 CFR 160 and 164, and 21 CFR 50, 56, 312, 812, and other applicable regulations, when research is covered by
regulations, or the organization has committed to applying federal regulations or equivalent protections to all
research.
11.2 SUBCONTRACTOR must obtain, maintain, and provide to UCF an active Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval
letter before project work can begin. The approval letter must include Corresponding Principal Investigator’s name,
grant title exactly as it appears in these Terms and Conditions, approval date, expiration date, and the signature of
the approving authority chairperson.
11.3 SUBCONTRACTOR is responsible for safeguarding the rights and welfare of human subjects in UCF and Primesupported projects. SUBCONTRACTOR proposing to involve human subjects in nonexempt research must provide,
upon request, a copy of the organization's Assurance of Compliance with the Office of Human Research Protections
(OHRP) and must establish and maintain appropriate policies and procedures for the protection of human subjects.
SUBCONTRACTOR is required to obtain and maintain approval from an IRB accredited by the Association for
Accreditation of Human Research Protection Programs (AAHRPP), or an IRB acceptable to UCF.
SUBCONTRACTOR is required to report unanticipated problems and non-compliance involving the research to UCF.
11.4 When appropriate, SUBCONTRACTOR agrees to define the arrangements for medical care for research-related
injury before the research starts and communicates it to prospective research subjects. This does not require any
particular party to be responsible for such care; it requires that it be made clear to subjects through the informed
consent document/process who will provide medical care and who will be responsible to pay for it, should a subject
experience a research- related injury.
11.5 SUBCONTRACTOR agrees to report to UCF within two (2) state working days, any expiration of IRB approval,
serious or continuing non-compliance, unanticipated problems involving risks to subjects or others, and any
suspension or termination of IRB approval. SUBCONTRACTOR IRB must report to UCF when reporting to federal
officials any serious or continuing non-compliance or unanticipated problems involving risks to subjects or others.
During the time that one or more IRB approval(s) is expired, all activities covered by the expired IRB approval(s)
must stop until approval is obtained, and expenses for those activities during the expired period will be disallowed.

Page 5

11.6 SUBCONTRACTOR must comply with NOT-OD-18-014: "NIH Policy and Guidelines on the Inclusion of Women and
Minorities as Subjects in Clinical Research.
12 LABORATORY ANIMALS
No research involving animals is planned or authorized under this Agreement.
13 TERMINATION
If UCF’s prime award should be terminated during the performance of this Agreement, or should the prime award funding
for support be deleted or reduced, UCF may in written notice to SUBCONTRACTOR terminate this Agreement upon
reasonable notice consistent with the termination of the prime award. Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any
time, for any reason other than stated above, upon thirty (30) calendar days written notice to the other Party.
14 ASSIGNMENT
SUBCONTRACTOR may not assign or transfer its rights and remedies nor transfer its obligations or subcontract for any
of the services to be performed under this Agreement, in whole or part, without the prior written consent of UCF.
15 ASSUMPTION OF RISK
Each Party assumes any and all risks of personal injury and property damage attributable to the negligent acts or
omissions of that Party and its officers, employees, servants, and agents thereof while acting within the scope of their
employment. UCF warrants and represents that it is self-funded for liability insurance, both public and property, with said
protection being applicable to officers, employees, servants, and agents while acting within the scope of their employment
by UCF. The Parties agree that nothing contained herein shall be construed or interpreted as (1) denying to either Party
any remedy or defense available to such Party under the laws of the State of Florida; (2) the consent of the State of
Florida or its agents and agencies to be sued; or (3) a waiver of sovereign immunity of the State of Florida beyond the
waiver provided in Section 768.28, Florida Statutes.
16 INDEMNIFICATION
16.1 SUBCONTRACTOR is liable for and will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless UCF and Prime and all of their
officers, agents, and employees from all claims, suits, judgements, or damages, consequential or otherwise and including
attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of any act, actions, neglect, or omissions by SUBCONTRACTOR, its agents, or
employees during the performance or operation of this Agreement of any subsequent modification thereof, whether direct
or indirect, and whether to any person or tangible or intangible property.
16.2 SUBCONTRACTOR’s inability to evaluate liability or its evaluation of no liability will not excuse UCF’s duty to defend
and indemnify UCF and Prime. Only adjudication or judgment after the highest appeal is exhausted specifically finding
SUBCONTRACTOR not liable will excuse the performance of the provision. SUBCONTRACTOR will pay all costs and
fees related to this obligation and its enforcement by UCF and Prime. UCF or Prime’s failure to notify SUBCONTRACTOR
or a claim will not release SUBCONTRACTOR of the above duty to indemnify.
16.3 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as UCF or Prime agreeing to indemnify SUBCONTRACTOR.
17 EXPORT CONTROL
Each Party acknowledges that it is subject to and agrees to abide by the United States laws and regulations controlling
the export or transfer of information, technical data, software, items, materials, mockups/prototypes, biological materials
and other items, (including the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), as amended, an enumerated in the International Traffic
Arms Regulations (ITAR), and the Export Control Reform Act (ECRA) as amended and enumerated in the Export
Administration Regulations (EAR)). The transfer of such items and technical data may require a license from the cognizant
agency of the U.S. Government or written assurances by Company that it shall not export such items to certain foreign

Page 6

countries and/or foreign persons without prior approval of the cognizant agency. UCF neither represents that a license is
or is not required or that, if required, it shall be issued.
18 INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR
In the performance of all services hereunder, SUBCONTRACTOR shall be deemed to be, and shall be, an independent
contractor and, as such, SUBCONTRACTOR shall not be entitled to any benefits applicable to employees of UCF. UCF
shall not be responsible for withholding taxes with respect to the SUBCONTRACTOR’s compensation hereunder, and it
is the SUBCONTRACTOR’s sole responsibility to pay any Federal, State, or local taxes as required by law. Neither Party
is authorized or empowered to act as agent for the other for any purpose and shall not, on behalf of the other, enter into
any contract, warranty or representation as to any matter. Neither Party shall be bound by the acts or conduct of the other.
SUBCONTRACTOR agrees to indemnify and hold harmless UCF against and in respect of any taxes or other fees which
UCF may be required to pay to government authorities on behalf of SUBCONTRACTOR for activities or services related
to this Agreement.
19 FINANCIAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST
Prior to starting research under this Agreement, the SUBCONTRACTOR will be required to provide UCF with a conflictof-interest form, which is hereby incorporated by reference and attached as Appendix C, signed by SUBCONTRACTOR’s
Technical Representative. SUBCONTRACTOR shall report to UCF any financial conflict of interest, regardless of any
conflict-of-interest procedures at SUBCONTRACTOR’s institution before the Agreement starts. SUBCONTRACTOR must
have in place an administrative process to identify and resolve financial conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity
of the proposed research. SUBCONTRACTOR must inform UCF of any conflict-of-interest management plan required by
SUBCONTRACTOR prior to starting research. UCF may require an additional management plan if the plan developed by
SUBCONTRACTOR is not acceptable to UCF. If a reportable interest, as defined by UCF, arises after the Agreement
starts, SUBCONTRACTOR must notify UCF within 24 hours.
20 POLICY REGARDING SCIENTIFIC MISCONDUCT
The following provisions must apply to ensure research integrity and manage scientific misconduct:
a. SUBCONTRACTOR must promptly inform UCF of any notices of scientific misconduct or suspensions. If an
administrative action for scientific misconduct is imposed by the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), by
his/her own institution, or by any other regulatory agency, SUBCONTRACTOR must notify UCF within 48 hours.
SUBCONTRACTOR must provide a copy of the final notice of the administrative action (i.e., after the disposition of any
appeal) to UCF either at the time of application or within 1-month of the imposition of the administrative action.
b. SUBCONTRACTOR must certify establishment of administrative policies consistent with 42 CFR 50, Subpart A,
"Responsibility of PHS Awardee and Applicant Institutions for Dealing with and Reporting Possible Misconduct in
Science," and 42 CFR 94, "Public Health Service Standards for the Protection of Research Misconduct Whistleblowers."
21 Public Records
The SUBCONTRACTOR shall keep and maintain public records, as defined by Chapter 119, Florida Statutes that are
required by UCF to perform the services required by the Agreement. Upon request from UCF’s custodian of public records,
provide UCF with a copy of the requested public records or allow the records to be inspected or copied within a reasonable
time at a cost that does not exceed that provided in Chapter 119, Florida Statutes, or as otherwise provided by law. The
SUBCONTRACTOR shall ensure that public records that are exempt or that are confidential and exempt from public
record disclosure are not disclosed, except as authorized by law for the duration of the Agreement term and following
completion of the Agreement if the SUBCONTRACTOR does not transfer the public records to UCF. Upon completion of
the Agreement, the SUBCONTRACTOR shall transfer to UCF at no cost, all public records in possession of
SUBCONTRACTOR or keep and maintain public records required by UCF to perform the Agreement services. If
SUBCONTRACTOR transfers all public records to UCF upon completion of the Agreement, SUBCONTRACTOR will
destroy any duplicate public records that are exempt or confidential and exempt. If SUBCONTRACTOR keeps and
maintains public records upon completion of the Agreement, SUBCONTRACTOR will meet all applicable requirements
for retaining public records. All records stored electronically must be provided to UCF, upon request of UCF’s custodian
of public records, in a format that is compatible with the information technology systems of UCF and Prime. UCF may
unilaterally terminate this Agreement if SUBCONTRACTOR refuses to allow access to all public records made or
maintained by SUBCONTRACTOR in conjunction with the Agreement, unless the records are exempt from section 24(a)
of Article I of the State Constitution and section 119.07(1), Florida Statutes.

Page 7

If SUBCONTRACTOR has questions regarding the application of Chapter 119, Florida
Statutes, to SUBCONTRACTOR's duty to provide public records relating to the
Agreement, contact the UCF custodian of public records at: Office of the General
Counsel, (407)823-2482, gcounsel@ucf.edu, University Of Central Florida, 4365
Andromeda Loop N., Millican Hall, Suite 360,Orlando, FL 32816-0015.
22 MODIFICATIONS
Modifications to this Agreement may be made only in writing signed by authorized signatories of both Parties.

23 COUNTERPARTS
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original, but which together shall
constitute but one and the same Agreement.
24 GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its choice of law principles, and to
the extent applicable, by the laws of the United States. The Parties agree that jurisdiction and venue for any action arising
under this Agreement shall lie exclusively within either the state courts of Florida located in Orange County, Florida or the
United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Orlando Division. The Parties specifically waive the right to
any other jurisdiction and venue, and the defense based on inconvenient forum.
25 SEVERABILITY
If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity,
legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be in any way be affected or impaired
thereby and shall remain in full force and effect.
26 NON-USE OF NAMES
Neither Party may use each other’s name or trademarks in any promotion, statement, advertisement, press release or
communications to the general public or any third party without the other’s express written consent.
27 REMEDIES
The Parties understand and agree that a Party may suffer irreparable harm in the event that the other Party, or its
employees, servants, or agents, breach any of the obligations under this Agreement and that monetary damages may be
inadequate to compensate for such breach. Accordingly, the Parties agree that in the event of a breach or threatened
breach by a Party, of any of the provisions of this Agreement, a Party, in addition to and not in limitation of any other
available rights, remedies or damages, shall be entitled to seek a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction and
permanent injunction in order to prevent or to restrain any such breach by the Party, or its employees, servants, agents
and any and all persons directly or indirectly acting for the Party.
28 WAIVER
No failure or delay by a Party hereto to insist on the strict performance of any term of this Agreement, or to exercise any
right or remedy consequent to a breach thereof, shall constitute a waiver of any breach or any subsequent breach of such
term. No waiver of any breach hereunder shall affect or alter the remaining terms of this Agreement, but each and every
term of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect with respect to any other then existing or subsequent breach
thereof.
29 LIMITATION OF DAMAGES

Page 8

In no event will UCF be responsible for any indirect damages, incidental damages, consequential damages, exemplary
damages of any kind, lost goodwill, lost profits, lost business and/or any indirect economic damages whatsoever
regardless of whether such damages arise from claims based upon contract, negligence, tort (including strict liability or
other legal theory), a breach of any term of this Agreement, and regardless of whether it was advised or had reason to
know of the possibility of incurring such damages in advance.
30 FORCE MAJEURE
No default, delay, or failure to perform on the part of either Party shall be considered a default, delay, or failure to perform
hereunder, if such default, delay, or failure to perform is due to causes beyond either Party’s reasonable control including,
but not limited to, strike, lockouts, or inactions of governmental authorities; epidemics; war; embargoes; fire; earthquake;
acts of God; or default of a common carrier. In the event of such default, delay, or failure to perform, any date or times by
which either Party is otherwise scheduled to perform shall be extended automatically for a period of time equal in duration
to the time lost by reason of the excused default, delay, or failure to perform.
31 COPYRIGHTS
SUBCONTRACTOR shall grant to UCF an irrevocable, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-exclusive right and license to
use, reproduce, make derivative works, display, and perform publicly any copyrights or copyrighted material (including
any computer software and its documentation and/or databases) first developed and delivered under this Agreement
solely for the purpose of and only to the extent required to meet UCF’s obligations under its prime award.
32 DATA RIGHTS
SUBCONTRACTOR shall grant to UCF the right to use data created in the performance of this Agreement solely for the
purpose of and only to the extent required to meet UCF’s obligations under its prime award.
33 NO WARRANTIES
UCF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND EXTENDS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WITH REGARD TO THE RESEARCH, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, AND/OR PROPRIETARY MATERIALS.
THERE ARE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR THAT COMPANY’S USE OF THE RESEARCH DELIVERABLES OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY WILL
NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. UCF
MAKES NO REPRESENTATION AS TO THE USEFULNESS OF RESEARCH DELIVERABLES, INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY, OR PROPRIETARY MATERIALS. IF THE COMPANY CHOOSES TO EXPLOIT RESEARCH
DELIVERABLES, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OR PROPRIETARY MATERIALS IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER,
IT DOES SO AT ITS OWN RISK.
34 EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION
SUBCONTRACTOR is required to use the U.S. Department of Homeland Security’s E-Verify system, located at
https://www.e-verify.gov to verify the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees used by SUBCONTRACTOR
under this Agreement. Failure to comply with the requirements of section 448.095, Florida Statutes, will result in the
Agreement being terminated.
35 CLOSEOUT
Along with any other reports or deliverables required hereunder, SUBCONTRACTOR shall submit its final invoice and
release and assignment to UCF within sixteen (16) calendar days following completion of the period of performance of
this Subcontract. Payment of the final invoice will be withheld pending:
 Completion, submission, and acceptance by UCF of all work performed under the SOW.
 Clear, visible, and proper marking of “final invoice” on the actual final invoice.
36 ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement consists of the following parts:

Page 9

Articles 1 - 36
Appendix A:
Appendix B:
Appendix C:

Statement of Work, Deliverables & Budget
Flow-Down Terms and Conditions
Reportable Financial Interests

and constitutes the entire Agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any other agreement, written
or oral, is hereby superseded.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the authorized contractual representatives of parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the dates set forth below:
THE UNIVERSITY OF CENTRAL FLORIDA BOARD OF
TRUSTEES

ADVENTIST HEALTH SYSTEM/SUNBELT, INC. DBA
ADVENTHEALTH ORLANDO

Name: Elena Andreeva, MA, AOR
Title: Subaward Specialist III, Sponsored Programs
Date:____________________________

Name:
Title:
Date:

Page 10

APPENDIX A: STATEMENT OF WORK, DELIVERABLES & BUDGET
Statement of Work

Page 11

Deliverables
The following deliverable items are required:
Due Date

Deliverable

Technical Progress Report

10/15/2025

Technical Progress Report 2

1/15/2026

Technical Progress Report 3

4/15/2026

Final Progress Report

7/15/2026

Budget

Page 12

Page 13

Page 14

Page 15

Page 16

APPENDIX B: FLOW-DOWN TERMS AND CONDITIONS
SUBCONTRACTOR is subject to the terms and conditions included below. Where appropriate, the following
modifications are made to the specific terms herein:
Wherever the terms “Florida Department of Health " or “Department” are used, "UCF" shall be substituted.
Wherever the word “Provider”, “Grantee”,” is used, the word “SUBCONTRACTOR” shall be substituted.
Wherever the word "Contract” or “” is used, the word "Agreement" shall be substituted.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
UCF is flowing down to SUBCONTRACTOR the terms and conditions of its Prime Award, attached and included herein
as APPENDIX B. Without diminishing SUBCONTRACTOR's obligation to comply with the applicable terms and conditions
of Prime Award in their entirety, SUBCONTRACTOR shall expressly note the obligations to comply with the following
provisions set forth in the Prime Award:
STATE OF FLORIDA, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH
STANDARD CONTRACT
Section I: PROVIDER AGREES:
A. To provide services in accordance with the terms specified in Attachment I attached hereto and
ensure any deliverables under the Contract, which may include “commodities” and “contractual
services”, as each is defined in section 287.012, F.S. does not include, and no State funding under
the Contract is being provided for, promoting, advocating for, or providing training or education on
“Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion” (“DEI”). DEI is any program, activity, or policy that classifies
individuals on the basis of race, color, sex, national origin, gender identity, or sexual orientation and
promotes differential or preferential treatment of individuals on the basis of such classification or
promotes the position that a group or an individual’s action is inherently, unconsciously, or implicitly
biased on the basis of such classification.
C.8. Coordination of Contracted Services
F. Insurance
K. 2. Procurement of Materials with Recycled Content
V. Information Security and Confidentiality of Data, Files, and Records
AA. Replacement of Provider Staff
Attachment I, Special Provisions, 7. Background Screening
Attachment I, Special Provisions, 8. Drug Screening
Attachment I, 6. Other Provisions, b. Non-Expendable Property

Page 17

Commented [RB2]: AdventHealth, if this article is applicable to
your organization, please provide a list of contracts to be forwarded
to FLDOH.
Commented [RB3]: AdventHealth, per prime requirement,
please provide evidence of adequate insurance prior to signing the
agreement.

Appendix C
Reportable Financial Interests

Commented [RB4]: AdventHealth, please have your PI
complete and sign this form.

Florida Department of Health Financial Conflict of Interest in Research
Principal Investigator:
Grant Title:
Grant Number:
Step 1: Use the following tests to determine if the researcher and the researcher’s immediate family, or any
other personnel on the grant (sub‐investigators and research staff) and their immediate families, have any of
the following financial interests related to the research:
"Immediate Family" means spouse, domestic partner, children, and dependents.
"Financial Interest Related to the Research" means financial interest in the sponsor, product or service being
tested, or competitor of the sponsor.
Ownership interest, stock options, or other financial interest of any value related to the
research. Does not include mutual funds or companies publicly traded on a stock exchange.
Compensation of any value related to the research.
Proprietary interest related to the research of any value including, but not limited to, a patent,
trademark, copyright or licensing agreement.
Board or executive relationship in a company (such as a startup company but including publicly
traded companies) related to the research, regardless of compensation.
Any arrangement where the value of the ownership interests will be affected by the outcome of
the research. For example, an arrangement has been made where the value of stock options given
to the researcher by a startup company will vary depending on the outcome of the research.
Any other interest that could be affected by the outcome of the research
If any of the following above conditions are met, provide a description of financial interests related to the
research:

The grantee has no financial interests requiring disclosure

Signed
Dated
Failure to disclose financial interests related to the research, and failure to provide an updated disclosure at
least at the time of the continuation request or if the financial interests of the researcher and personnel on
the grant change, may result in:
‐ Immediate termination of the grant.
‐ Financial consequences, including repayment of all grant funds.
‐ Any other action required by state law.

Page 18

